t5433 A US government agency approved Friday a vaccine developed by pharmaceutical giant Merck against chickenpox, the nuisance disease that afflicts mostly children. Barclays Bank PLC and Housing Development Finance Corporation Ltd. said Monday they agreed to sell their stakes in Intelenet Global Services Pvt Ltd. of India in a management buyout. Poland will open its airspace from 7:00 am (0500 GMT) Wednesday after improved weather conditions, the air navigation services announced. Thursday night's game will be the first in the Stanley Cup playoffs for Islanders coach Peter Laviolette. It will be the 144th for Maple Leafs coach Pat Quinn. Eleven players on Toronto's roster have played in at least 50 playoff games. Only two players on the Islanders' roster have The EU is considering an Iranian proposal to allow the Islamic republic to produce enriched uranium on a small scale, despite the bloc's demand that Tehran abandon the process to guarantee it will not make atom bombs, officials and diplomats said Thursday. After months of testing the waters, former senator Fred Thompson of Tennessee jumped into the race for the Republican presidential nomination on late-night television Wednesday, as his eight rivals clashed here in a debate that featured sharp exchanges over Iraq and immigration. News that Microsoft expects to beat quarterly earnings estimates boosted stocks Thursday, allowing Wall Street to build on momentum from better-than-expected earnings results from Yahoo! and Motorola. Angolan Defense Minister General Kundy Paihama has justified the government's military option to end the civil war in Angola with the fact that all the possibilities for negotiations with the rebels led by Jonas Savimbi have exhausted, the official news agency Angop reported here on Wednesday.
t5434 PLO leader Yasser Arafat on Friday briefed the organisation's executive committee on peace talks with Israel and encountered dissatisfaction with the pace of the discussions, a senior committee member reported. The Japanese government was expected to agree to a negotiated settlement with hundreds of former tunnel workers who contracted lung disease while working on state-ordered projects, news reports said Monday. Sudan's ruling National Congress Party and former southern rebels agreed Tuesday to accept the results of last week's elections, following US accusations the polls were not free and fair. Negotiations between the government and Arthur Andersen to settle the criminal case against the firm continued Wednesday, but some participants were beginning to worry that the talks could be approaching an impasse, people involved in the case said. At least 25 polio cases were recorded in Niger last year, a health official said Thursday, after efforts to eradicate the disease were stymied by obstruction in neighbouring Nigeria. A 22 percent drop in prescriptions for antidepressants for teens and children following government warnings about hazards of the drugs led to a sharp increase in suicides the following year, according to Chicago researchers. Second-quarter earnings at Dow Jones &amp; Co., publisher of The Wall Street Journal, fell 57 percent amid a steep drop-off in advertising. A Sino-Russia trade fair opened Wednesday in Shenyang, the capital city of northeast China' s Liaoning Province, and an old industrial base.
t5435 Ireland won their Rugby League international debut here Friday, edging fellow neophytes from the United States 24-22 in a game both hope will be landmark for their sport. North Korea plans to shut down its Yongbyon nuclear reactor in the second half of July, the Interfax-China news agency reported, citing an unnamed North Korean official in Beijing. European aerospace giant EADS announced on Tuesday it will bid on a 35-billion- dollar contract to supply the US Air Force with new aerial refueling tankers, pitting the company against archrival Boeing. JP Morgan Chase reported an 18 percent drop in first-quarter earnings Wednesday, but they beat Wall Street expectations and offered investors some optimism for the first time after several quarters of weak results. A botched bid Sunday by a few teenagers to burn a Turkish flag during a Kurdish celebration has led to a patriotic backlash with unprecedented public displays of the national symbol. National: THOMPSON-EARLYYEARS -- LAWRENCEBURG, Tenn. -- W ith a kickoff tour through early-voting Iowa on Thursday, Fred Thompson formally offers himself as a candidate for president, the highest ambition in American politics, but the one-time senator from Tennessee did not grow up with such ambition -- he married into Given a lift by the first GOP president in eight years, the Republican National Committee raised a record $48.6 million in the first half of the year. The Chinese government is fully aware of the harm caused by fake and shoddy products and will take concrete measures to eliminate such products, a senior anti-fake product official said Wednesday.
t5436 Lydon, an assistant coach for world club champion Wigan, made his fame a decade ago and was included here for star appeal. One day after a drag-racing car careened into a crowd and killed six people, witnesses questioned why the driver was allowed to speed down a multilane highway with no guard rails, lined on both sides by hundreds of spectators. Europe eased its aerial lockdown Tuesday with almost half of its scheduled flights taking to the skies, but more ash from Iceland's billowing volcano prolonged the agony of most stranded passengers. A 44-year-old Tanzanian man was arrested this week on immigration charges in North Carolina after his name was found on a document retrieved from a cave in Afghanistan in which he was congratulated for receiving a pilot's license, government officials said on Wednesday. Former Macedonian minister Ljube Boskovski, who has been charged with war crimes committed against ethnic Albanians, has been transferred to the United Nations war crimes court in The Hague, the court said in a statement Thursday. His manager, Terri Robson, told The Associated Press in an e-mail that Pavarotti, who had been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2006, died at his home in Modena, Italy, at 5 a.m. local time Thursday. Enron Corp. reported a nearly 40 percent increase in second-quarter earnings on Thursday and beat analysts' expectations due to robust growth in its power marketing and energy management businesses in the United States and Europe. Approved by the Project Vetting Committee of the Film Development Fund, the project is "Promotion of Hong Kong Films at the Cannes Film Festival."
t5437 First Lady Hillary Clinton begins a five-nation tour of south Asia next week to meet with key women leaders and strengthen US ties in the region, the White House said Friday. Nepal's former rebels have agreed to allow United Nations arms monitors to resume the disbanding of thousands of fighters confined in camps as part of a peace agreement, a senior government minister said Monday. Discovery made a safe return to Earth Tuesday after a two-week resupply mission to the International Space Station that broke new ground by putting four women in orbit for the first time. However, with no cease-fire in place and Israeli troops still in the West Bank, Bush reiterated many of the same demands he made almost two weeks ago when he dispatched Powell to the region. Soe Soe, a 29-year-old woman working in Myanmar's struggling garment manufacturing industry, can barely remember the last time she had a day off. Q. Can I use both Windows Media Player and iTunes with the same music collection? I have an iPod, but I can't use iTunes in my PC's Media Center interface. Convicted murderer Ira Einhorn lost what effectively was his last chance to avoid extradition to the United States, and later Thursday attempted suicide at his house in southwestern France, his lawyer said. John Tsang Chun-wah, commissioner of customs and excise of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, said demands for customs services around the world have changed dramatically because of an increase in the volume of international trade and the rapid development of technology.
t5438 Fellow villains and detectives alike expressed regret at the death Friday of East End gangster Ronnie Kray, 61 -- half of one of Britain's most notorious criminal partnerships. Dumped at this frontier outpost alongside hundreds of weary Afghan laborers, Khalil Jalil stepped out of Iran and back into Afghanistan only days after he said Iranian authorities beat him, threw him in the trunk of a car and locked him in a detention center. Agnelli family heir John Elkann said Tuesday he was "very proud and happy" to be taking up the chairman's post at Italian auto giant Fiat. In a decision likely to renew debate over the issue of executing prisoners who commit murder before the age of 18, the highest criminal court in Texas cleared the way Wednesday for a death row inmate, Napoleon Beazley, to be executed, possibly as soon as next month. Mohammed Asef takes his small daughter by the hand and walks out of Langar Khana, a small village in northern Afghanistan, through a labyrinth of mudbrick houses where small tractors from another age limp along with sorrow. On trips to Capitol Hill these days, Michael Gallagher usually has a black Nintendo DS stashed in his suit pocket. Consumers spooked by stock market volatility and company layoffs curtailed their spending once again in June, leaving the nation's largest retailers with disappointing sales. The Hang Seng Index shed 50.12 points, or 0.33 percent, to close at 15,127.4, with a thin turnover of 8.512 billion HK dollars (1.091 billion U.S. dollars).
t5439 President Bill Clinton played host Friday at the White House to 350 guests for a St. Patrick's Day gala attended by Irish Prime Minister John Bruton and Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams. More than 100 Fatah members who fled to Egypt after Gaza fell to their rivals from Hamas last week were to return home Monday, Hamas officials said. Britain's Civil Aviation Authority on Tuesday ordered a phased reopening of much of the country's airspace from 10:00 pm (2100 GMT). After reviewing the findings of an independent investigation, parents of a student killed at Columbine High School in 1999 said Wednesday that they were satisfied with the conclusion that their son had been killed by a student gunman, not a police officer. Nepal's mountain guides and porters face widespread unemployment because of an expected sharp drop in trekker arrivals and mountain climbing expeditions linked to the royal takeover and ongoing Maoist rebellion. My sister Kristin is visiting and makes an offhand remark: "You should think about getting another laptop so your girls don't fight over the computer." Bill Cowher, his future as the Pittsburgh Steelers' coach seemingly in jeopardy only 18 months ago, was given a three-year contract extension Thursday. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,915.05 points Wednesday, down 12.22 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t6000 An indefinite curfew was imposed in an eastern Indian town on Monday after police killed two people while trying to break up clashes between Hindus and Moslems, press reports said. Mexico is talking with U.S. officials about cross-border health care for migrants, who would receive basic treatment at U.S. facilities and be treated in Mexico if they required more intensive care. Pakistan's pre-Islamic heritage is showcased in Paris from Wednesday in an exhibition of ancient Buddhist art that offers a fresh perspective on a country fraught with violence and religious unrest. A Japanese laboratory has built the world's fastest computer, a machine so powerful that it matches the raw processing power of the 20 fastest American computers combined and far outstrips the previous leader, an IBM-built machine. Sudan's former southern rebels Friday welcomed a UN decision to send 10,000 peacekeepers to secure the peace accord they signed in January with Khartoum but contentious issues remain before the force is deployed. A spokesman for Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's presidential campaign Tuesday blamed a faulty background check for the campaign's failure to raise any questions about Norman Hsu, a previously unknown businessman who suddenly became one of its biggest fundraisers. Saying its problems from a labor dispute are subsiding, Cathay Pacific Airways announced Friday it will reduce the number of chartered aircraft it is using to combat a work slowdown by pilots. Two Palestinian police officers were killed during a shootout with Israeli soldiers in the West Bank city of Jericho early Friday morning, Palestinian sources said.
t6186 Russia and Ukraine signed two agreements here Monday to reschedule repayment of Ukrainian debts to Moscow totalling 4.2 billion dollars. The worst summer drought in 30 years in northeast China's Liaoning province has left more than 1.2 million people short of drinking water, state media reported Tuesday. Air traffic in Europe disrupted by the volcano eruption in Iceland is expected to return almost to normal on Thursday, the body coordinating air traffic control across the continent said. A moderately powerful earthquake rumbled up the Eastern Seaboard on Saturday, causing no injuries but damaging roads and breaking windows in upstate New York while shaking people out of sleep from Maine to Maryland. The United States announced a controversial sale of F-16 Fighting Falcon jets to Pakistan just as the US Air Force took delivery of the last of its versions of the veteran fighter. Lately, though, he's moved away from the altered body to focus on larger organisms. Now, instead of frail and pliant human bodies, it's innocent small towns and Western cities populated by ordinary, orderly people that play host to virulent foreign parasites, and the failed experiments are social. At least three for-profit companies are racing to develop large amounts of embryonic stem cells even as President Bush struggles to decide whether the government should hinder such research. Mongolia will carry out economic restructuring so as to increase its gross domestic product by 4 percent next year, Prime Minister Nambaryn Enkhbayar said Friday.
t6521 UN mediator Thorvald Stoltenberg was due to meet Croatian Serb leader Milan Martic here on Tuesday in a second round of talks about re- deploying peacekeeping troops in Croatia. FIFA president Sepp Blatter singled out transportation as the biggest challenge facing South Africa ahead of the 2010 World Cup. Airlines have lost around 1.7 billion dollars after a "week without revenue" because of the chaos caused by volcanic ash, the head of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) said Wednesday. Democratic senators failed to meet President Bush's Monday deadline for expanding his trade negotiating authority, but a key ally for the administration said action will come soon. Four former ruling party supporters have been arrested for heckling Malawian President Bingu wa Mutharika during an Easter ceremony in the capital of Lilongwe, a witness said Saturday. Retired Canadian army Lt. Gen. Romeo Dallaire, a former U.N. commander whose warnings of Rwandan genocide in the early 1990s went unheeded by U.N. leaders, advised the newly appointed leader of U.N. forces in Darfur to expect little backing from his political masters as he struggles to halt mass With a decades-old dispute over the Kashmir region high on the agenda, the leaders of India and Pakistan began a landmark summit on Saturday aimed at smoothing stormy relations between the two nuclear rivals. Jingwei Wetland Nature Reserve will soon be built for the protection of 140 kinds of birds living in northwest China area.
t6522 In Gaza City, neighbours of the two suspects said Farchat is a well- known HAMAS militant who regularly went to Israel without a permit. A Russian court on Tuesday sentenced four men to prison terms of between seven and 14 years for the racially motivated killing of a Congolese student two years ago. Pirates seized a Liberian-owned bulk carrier with 21 Filipino crew in the Gulf of Aden early Tuesday, the European Union's naval force in the region said. Democratic senators failed to meet President Bush's Monday deadline for expanding his trade negotiating authority, but a key ally for the administration said action will come soon. Joe Cole claimed that his match-winning performance for England against Northern Ireland is testament to his ability to play at the top level after his goal set the home side on course for a 4-0 World Cup qualifying win at Old Trafford on Saturday. DETROIT A group of dissidents in the United Auto Workers and some former top UAW officials are trying to build momentum to defeat any contracts reached between the union and the three Detroit automakers if the deals include provisions for a controversial health-care trust fund. Long before the firebombs and bricks began to fly, the blighted Roman Catholic district of Ardoyne was already a neighborhood on the boil. The Shenzhen Composite Index inched up 1.84 points or 0.29 percent to 645.82 points at Monday close, while the sub-index also rose 7.1 points or 0.14 percent to 4960.99 points.
t6523 A Hindu militant party which stormed to power in Bombay last week wants the bustling Indian commercial capital renamed Mumbai as it was once known, a party official said Tuesday. The co-CEO of Airbus parent EADS sounded an optimistic note Tuesday on the company's restructuring efforts and said that business in the United States also is developing favorably. Malaysia's auto sales surged 25 percent year-on-year in March, an industry group said Wednesday, as consumer confidence rose in Southeast Asia's biggest passenger car market. Attorneys arguing before the U.S. Supreme Court disagreed Monday whether the outcome of an Arizona case could overturn nearly 800 death sentences in nine states. The Dale Romans-trained Roses in May became America's fifth winner in the 10 runnings of the world's richest race the 6million dollar Dubai World Cup here on Saturday. There is a new wrinkle in the long-simmering debate about the influence of television on the development of attention problems in children. A long-term study of 1,037 children published in the current issue of Pediatrics found that those who watched more television when they were 5 and 7 were Indian and Pakistani forces exchanged fire across the Kashmir cease-fire line for the first time this year Saturday, and as many as 12 people were killed in separate clashes, as the two countries began a summit to discuss the disputed area. At least two people were killed and 12 others, including children, were injured, when a bomb having been planted in an Israeli school bus went off in Gaza Strip Monday morning, Israeli Radio reported.
t6524 Some six million people voted Tuesday in the Indian state of Bihar with at least one person killed in the last phase of provincial polls that have already dealt a crushing blow to Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao. Two-thirds of U.S. parents said they are very concerned about sex and violence American children are exposed to in the media, and there would be broad support for new federal limits on such material on television, said a survey released Tuesday. One of Australia's largest banking groups ANZ is interested in buying a controlling stake in the Korea Exchange Bank (KEB), a report said Wednesday. With some key details still to be worked out, U.S. and Canadian panels Monday began investigating why a U.S. jet pilot bombed Canadian soldiers training in Afghanistan. Three US soldiers were killed in Iraq as security forces said they had arrested 120 suspects Saturday on suspicion of planning attacks on the country's Shiite majority ahead of a major religious holiday. Following the trend set by eye-catching eyeglasses, colorful dental braces and neon casts for broken limbs, earmolds are taking the fashionista route. Used in hearing aides and as swim or hearing-protection plugs, earmolds are now available in an array of colors that the hearing impaired and those concerned about Russia has a huge advantage over China in nuclear missiles and territory, but it is in many ways the poorer nation as the two countries cement a ``strategic partnership'' during Chinese leader Jiang Zemin's visit this week. Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak Monday morning voiced "profound shock" over the bombing of a bus carrying schoolchildren in the Gaza Strip and called it a " grave and extremely serious terrorist attack," Israel Radio reported.
t6525 The European Union (EU) on Tuesday called on the Sri Lankan government and Tamil guerrillas to resume peace talks to find a speedy solution to the island's long-running ethnic conflict. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso lashed out Tuesday at Britain and Poland for staunchly opposing a proposal to salvage key parts of the European Union's aborted constitution for a new, slimmed-down EU treaty. The public rose gardens in New Zealand's capital are suffering as growing numbers of people scatter the cremated remains of loved ones over the plants, officials said Monday. Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge warned Monday that the United States faces an ``enduring vulnerability'' to attack by suicide bombers. Maud Fontenoy became the first woman to row solo across the Pacific Ocean Saturday after arriving in French Polynesia at the end of a nearly 8,000-kilometre (4,960-mile) journey that took 73 days. Accustomed to sleeping on a queen-size, 60-by-80-inch water bed at home, Elissa Robinson got a rude awakening when she headed off to college: a twin-size bed, somewhere around 38-by-75 inches, with a mattress that had seen better days. As the San Fermin fiesta nears climax, huge crowds in red and white happily fulfill their appointed tasks: reckless endangerment, public drunkenness, mass littering. Britons living in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) have been urged to remain vigilant following a car explosion in Saudi capital Riyadh Friday which killed a British technician.
t6526 Palestinian police have banned a planned human rights workshop in Gaza City on Tuesday, the Gaza Centre for Rights and Law said. The space shuttle Atlantis undocked from the international space station Tuesday for its trip back to Earth, concluding a nearly 10-day stay that included construction work and a computer meltdown. On a stunning night in which Inter Milan battled back to beat European champions Barcelona 3-1 in the Champions League semi-finals, there was one sour note for the Italian side. As a kid, Tobey Maguire didn't paint his face blue-and-red and run around the yard pretending to be Spider-Man. He didn't care much for superheroes, in fact, and he never read comic books. Coastal Sharks of South Africa beat ACT Brumbies of Australia 36-24 Saturday in the biggest shock so far of the Super 12 season. Among the many things to wonder about when the final shofar blast is heard after sundown on Yom Kippur, "what's for dinner" is rarely a problem. Bohdan Ulihrach of the Czech Republic beat defending champion Magnus Norman 6-2, 4-6, 6-1 Saturday to reach the final of the clay-court Swedish Open. The Philippine Senate held an opening ceremony Monday afternoon to kick off its impeachment trial against President Joseph Estrada over an illegal gambling scandal.
t6527 Strikers at Kuwait's biggest oil company and the government refused to budge Tuesday as the crisis which threatens the emirate's crude production entered its fourth day. Indian captain Rahul Dravid said Tuesday he is keen to clinch the upcoming test series on what will be his final tour of England with the national team. Stepped up naval patrols in the Gulf of Aden have contributed to a worldwide decline in pirate attacks, although the risk of piracy off Somalia remained high, a maritime watchdog said Wednesday. Even an acknowledged musical legend sometimes sings the blues, and Ray Charles has been known to complain in recent years about what he saw as a lack of promotional support for his albums from his record companies. With his new album, however, such complaints are unlikely, because Charles is Philippines police said they defused an explosive device found near the Spanish embassy in Manila late Saturday, as security forces were on alert after warnings of attacks over the Easter period. Four years ago, outgoing Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt called his nation "the laboratory of European unification." In 1989, then-Prime Minister Wilfried Martens referred to Belgium as "the prototype of Europe." The Federal Belgian State, he proclaimed, "is a prefiguration of a Europe of peoples, united in their organized Some questions and answers about the search for former federal intern Chandra Levy, and her connection to Rep. Gary Condit, D-Calif.: Japan's global merchandise trade surplus fell 40.8 percent in October from a year earlier to 692.6 billion yen (6.4 billion U.S. dollars), the Finance Ministry said Monday.
t6528 Mad: Madagascar, Mar: Morocco, Mas: Malaysia, Maw: Malawi, Mol: Moldova, Mdv: Maldives, Mex: Mexico,Mgl: Mongolia, Mkd: Macedonia, Mol: Moldova, Mli: Mali, Mlt: Malta, Mol: Moldova, Mon: Monaco, Moz: Mozambique, Mri: Mauritius, Mtn: Mauritania, Nam: Namibia, Nca: Nicaragua, Ned: Netherlands, Nep: Nepal, Ngr: Nigeria, Nig: Niger, Nor: Norway, Nzl: New A Royal Caribbean International cruise ship resumed its voyage to Puerto Rico on Tuesday as Coast Guard crews searched for a passenger reported missing a day earlier. Fiat's board of directors on Wednesday formally named John Elkann, the grandson of historic boss Gianni Agnelli, to the chairmanship of the auto giant, the group said in a statement. To reach Studio 17, the sound stage that's home to ``Will &AMP; Grace,'' a visitor talks to the guard at the gate, who offers matter-of-fact instructions to take ``Gunsmoke'' to ``My Three Sons'' and then hang a right. James Callaghan, who died Saturday on the eve of his 93rd birthday, was the only British politician in modern times to hold all four great offices of state, serving at the Treasury and the home and foreign offices before succeeding to the premiership. Race and poverty aren't subjects Americans like to talk about. They're too loaded, too uncomfortable. But they are also too important to brush under the rug at a time when immigration issues loom large and there is greater disparity than ever between rich and poor. When Jermaine awoke to the sound of gunshots he knew exactly what to do _ grab his weapon and return fire. Exports of Thai spices are expected to reach 1.65 billion baht (38 million U.S. dollars) this year, reflecting a promising prospect for the Thai products in the international market, Thai Farmers' Bank Research Center said in a report Monday.
t6529 A total of 200 Kurdish rebels have been killed since Turkey began its massive military sweep in northern Iraq, Defense Minister Mehmet Golhan said Tuesday. Construction of new homes in the United States fell in May as the homebuilders were battered by the crisis in subprime lending and rising mortgage rates. Stepped up naval patrols in the Gulf of Aden have contributed to a worldwide decline in pirate attacks, although the risk of piracy off Somalia remained high, a maritime watchdog said Wednesday. Researchers seeking to determine why breast cancer is diagnosed later in blacks than in whites suggest that the disparity is a result of class, not race. Australia is assured of the gold medal in the women's individual pursuit here at the world track cycling championships after Katie Mactier and Katherine Bates qualified for the final. Junot Diaz's "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao" seems poised to be the hottest debut novel of the year. Arriving after 11 years of expectation following Diaz's celebrated story collection "Drown," the novel's narrative voice evokes both the polyglot energy of Salman Rushdie's "Midnight's Children" and the sexual China convicted an American business professor Saturday of spying for Taiwan and then ordered him deported, apparently trying to remove an irritant in relations with Washington. Afghanistan's Taliban militia burned more than 10 tons of hashish and other narcotics in Spin Boldak district in the presence of a large number of people, The News newspaper reported on Monday.
t7072 A top Kashmiri Moslem separatist leader on Wednesday appealed for US intervention to bring Indian, Kashmiri and Pakistani representatives together to resolve the Kashmir problem through a plebiscite. Foreign donors pledged US$689 million (euro514 million) in aid for Cambodia on Wednesday, but also castigated Prime Minister Hun Sen's government for failing to tackle chronic corruption in the impoverished country. The interest rate demanded to lend money to Greece jumped above 8.5 percent on Thursday after EU data showed that the Greek public deficit last year was worse than previously estimated. The boys of summer seem to be everywhere in Pakistan these days, everywhere a bare patch of ground can accommodate a few friends with time on their hands. Senior diplomats from Japan and China held talks Monday to address a growing rift, as a Japanese government-backed report warned that Beijing's military buildup made regional security increasingly uncertain. A fter years of drifting from job to job, Frazier turned to the Internet. Marrying his politics and entrepreneurial instincts, he began selling left-leaning bumper stickers. An Okinawan court has extended by one week the deadline for prosecutors to file charges against a U.S. Air Force sergeant accused of raping a Japanese woman, officials said. Northwest China's Gansu Province has sent 12 medical teams, a total of 349 physicians, to Madagascar in the past 25 years, a provincial medical official said here Tuesday.
t7075 Blue-chip share prices rebounded Wednesday to bring the Dow Jones industrials within a point of its record high set earlier this week. The U.S. military acknowledged "an increasing pattern of attacks" against the Green Zone, a day after a mortar barrage against the heavily fortified ara sent soldiers and contractors scrambling for cover. The new head of Afghanistan's main electoral body was sworn in Thursday, a high- profile reform that the United Nations has endorsed as a move towards free and fair elections later this year. Of the many tasks that await after a vacation, one of the most tedious is listening to a long string of voice-mail messages and sorting out the urgent ones from the hey-what's-going-on variety. The only way to do this is to play every message, at least in part, with Malaysian share prices closed 0.23 percent higher Monday, supported by mild gains in blue chips despite concern about near-record oil prices, dealers said. By July, the number of U.S. troops in Iraq should be down to about 130,000, according to the U.S. commander in Baghdad, Army Gen. David Petraeus -- about the same number as before President Bush sent additional combat forces there last spring. Businesses' inventories of unsold goods were flat in May as sales registered the biggest increase in more than a year, the government reported Monday. Research data, "observations and monitoring data on comprehensive researches of the Qinghai- Tibet Plateau", was made public by an institute under the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) here recently.
t7443 The United States has no plans to provide aid for China's controversial Three Gorges Dam, but US firms are free to compete for contracts on the project, Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary said Thursday. U.S. Treasury bonds broke their recent winning streak Wednesday as a large amount of corporate bonds hit the market, pushing the prices of the government securities lower. Around 1,000 people rallied late Friday in the Greek capital Athens and second city Thessaloniki against the government's appeal to the EU and IMF for aid to end its debt crisis. For a long time, the greatest loss to pianists was the music of J.S. Bach. A few carried on undaunted, but since his keyboard music was mostly for harpsichord, his oeuvre became an oddity at piano events. Britain's Glastonbury rock music festival is famous for its eccentricities, and will this year unveil yet another cultural innovation -- the silent disco. The New Jersey-based company, which once rocked the real estate industry by selling homes for as little as 2 percent commission -- compared with commissions of up to 6 percent at other brokers -- said in an announcement that it is "releasing" 350 of its 380 employees "and may The wife and family of a slain local politician led 50,000 people through Pamplona Monday night to condemn the Basque separatists blamed for the killing. More than 1 million Angolan children are currently out of the educational system countrywide, accounting for 36 percent of the school-age children in Angola, the official news agency Angop reported Friday.
t7445 Blue chip stocks hit a new record high on Wall Street Thursday, with the Dow Jones index gaining 5.18 points to reach 4,088.17 at the closing bell. MIAMI -- The U.S. government's anti-Castro radio and TV stations have improved significantly in recent years after allegations of corruption and mismanagement, according to a draft State Department review of the Office of Cuba Broadcasting. A wave of attacks across Iraq including five car bombs, three as prayers finished at Shiite mosques in Baghdad, killed 58 people on Friday just days after the government said Al-Qaeda was on the run. ``Night at the Golden Eagle'' kicks off with a Tom Waits song and quickly descends into a world that even Waits, a venerable bard of the down-and-out, might find unbearably bleak. Their records only sold modestly, but 1980s British rock band The Smiths inspired unwavering loyalty from their fans -- and now, 18 years after they split, an entire academic conference devoted to their music and lyrics. But rival Microsoft Corp. countered that the future of the Internet was at stake, arguing that the deal should be stopped before Google could amass "the largest database of user information the world has ever known." Jose Rijo wants to pitch in the majors now, but the Cincinnati Reds aren't ready to give him the chance just yet. Six Chinese women soccer players have been given green light to join the Women 's United Soccer Association (WUSA), the Chinese Football Association (CFA) spokesman Feng Jianming said here on Friday.
t8001 Less than 24-hours after crashing his Benetton-Renault into a safety barrier, Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher had another scare in practice here Saturday. General Electric Co. said Thursday it has abandoned talks with Financial Times publisher Pearson PLC about a possible bid for Dow Jones &amp; Co., removing a potential rival to News Corp.'s $5 billion (euro3.73 billion) offer for the financial news publisher. Germany's Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble warned Germans to prepare for drastic economic measures over the next few years to get control of public finances, in a magazine article to appear Monday. As the Legislature this week takes up the first votes on major tax increases in a decade, signs of outrage are strangely absent from the debate. Fidel Castro's faith in Marxism has not waned, even though he has allowed his communist-led island to officially mourn the death of Pope John Paul II, whose role in the fall of communism in Eastern Europe he says has been overstated. For years, the Internet has been cutting into my television consumption. Now, though, it's made me halfway literate about the new TV season. Chris Webber is having second thoughts about returning to the Sacramento Kings, his agent said Tuesday just hours before the NBA's 2 1/2-week moratorium on free agent signings was to expire. Following are the standings of English premier league after Sunday's matches (tabulated under games played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against and points):
t8337 Share prices opened strongly higher on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Monday, with the Nikkei Stock Average rising 216.31 points, or 1.4 percent, to 15,966.08 in the first 15 minutes of trading. From the crack of dawn until late at night, stem cell researcher Hwang Woo-suk is at work in the lab, hoping to restore his credibility after a scandal that shocked the world. Mikel Arteta converted an injury-time penalty to give Everton a come from behind 2-1 win over Fulham at Goodison Park on Sunday to keep their slim hopes of Europa League football next season alive. ATLANTA - The series of books that make up Jean M. Auel's ``Earth's Children'' saga are nothing if not ambitious. From 1980's ``The Clan of the Cave Bear'' to the long-awaited ``The Shelters of Stone,'' Auel means to tell the story of the emergence of Cro-Magnon man and the Star investor Warren Buffett will appear before regulators on Monday as part of a probe into accounting of non-traditional products in insurance, his holding company Berkshire Hathaway said Friday. But even though network executives promise there will be a satisfying conclusion to the Patty Hewes -Arthur Frobisher showdown by the end of the season, they can't yet say as much about the fate of the series. Thousands of NATO troops launched a routine training exercise Wednesday in eastern Bosnia, where the U.N. war crimes tribunal's two most-wanted suspects are believed to be hiding. Tanzanian Prime Minister Frederick Sumaye has called on the country's public workers to stand at the forefront in the fight against corruption, the official Daily News reported on Wednesday.
t8368 Japan's household spending fell an inflation-adjusted 4.2 percent from a year earlier for the fourth consecutive year-on-year fall, the Management and Coordination Agency said Monday. Mexican mariachi singer and actor Antonio Aguilar, who recorded more than 150 albums and began his acting career during Mexico's "Golden Era" of cinema, was buried on Thursday at his family's ranch in the northern state of Zacatecas. European Union election monitors said on Sunday they were concerned about the manual compilation of ballots by Sudan's election commission, saying it could undermine the transparency of the polls. On a recent visit to Niagara Falls, Nitin Dawda, of Hertfordshire, England, elected to stay overnight in Niagara Falls, N.Y., rather than Niagara Falls, Ontario, the bustling city on the Canadian side of the border, just a short stroll across the Rainbow Bridge. But like most visitors to either Two Italian fighter planes intercepted a suspect plane and were escorting it toward a military base near Rome, the Italian news agency ANSA reported Friday, as authorities patrolled a no-fly zone imposed for the funeral of Pope John Paul II. "Before the war, we were inconsequential," Armendariz told the El Paso (Texas) Times in 2005. "When we came back, we rose. We found out in the war that we had value, and we instilled that value in our people." Food, housing and health care costs ate into consumers' wallets last month, but lower energy prices helped to moderate inflation. Chinese Catholics should keep the tradition of anti-imperialism and patriotism, which the Chinese Catholic church has upheld since it won independence from the Vatican 50 years ago, said a senior official of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
t8369 The Philippines embassy said Monday it was trying to find out how many Filipina domestic servants wanted to return home in the wake of the diplomatic crisis sparked by the hanging of a Filipina here. Members of Congress who want taxpayer dollars spent on embryonic stem cell research answered President George W. Bush's veto by advancing a spending bill that includes permission to do just that. Austrian President Heinz Fischer was headed for re-election as expected on Sunday, receiving 78 percent of votes, according to partial results published by the ARGE polling institute. A historic Lake Tahoe estate in Nevada, built by an eccentric San Francisco real estate investor who stayed there with his pet lion and pet elephant, was scheduled to open its doors for public tours this month. Having stood through Pope John Paul II's funeral and cried as his casket slipped behind the purple curtain of St Peter's Basilica, Poles in Rome raised their red and white flags Friday to honor him one last time. The moves come as Southern California is facing both a cut in water supplies from Northern California and is dealing with a major drought locally. The former chief executive of a printing company that makes stock certificates and other secure documents was charged Wednesday with securities fraud. Ariel Sharon, head of Israel's major opposition party Likud, said Wednesday he still wanted to talk with Prime Minister Ehud Barak on forming an emergency coalition after Barak agreed Tuesday night to hold new elections.
t8470 IAEA governors met here Monday to discuss how to improve detection of clandestine atomic weapons production, following disputes over checks in Iraq and doubts on North Korea's nuclear programme, IAEA sources said. Twenty percent of East Timor's people need food aid after severe droughts and locust plagues battered crops in the troubled young nation, two U.N. food agencies said Friday. The daughter of a senior Hamas leader allowed by Israel to leave Gaza for medical treatment in Jordan is recovering in an Amman hospital, a Jordanian medical official said on Sunday. What grass remains of the fiercest tornado ever to strike Maryland is dappled with shards of glass and shredded asphalt shingles. Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh will pay a three-day visit next week to the United States aimed at further strengthening India-US ties, the foreign office said Friday. In a highly anticipated appearance, Thompson shared a Dearborn, Mich., stage with eight other candidates seeking the Republican presidential nomination, giving a national audience its first opportunity to directly compare the 65-year-old former actor against other contenders for the White House. Lance Armstrong hunched over the handlebars, lowered his head and gritted his teeth as he powered up the steep mountain climb from Grenoble to Chamrousse. Gore's lawyers, whose request to count disputed ballots immediately was turned down on Tuesday by a Leon County Circuit Court judge, appealed to the First District Court of Appeals on Wednesday.
t8474 Sierra Leone rebels Monday called on two key inter-African bodies to back their call for foreign troops to leave the ravaged country. Indonesia has demanded access to 76 of its citizens seized at a plastics factory in the United States, saying it wants to make sure they get legal assistance, a Foreign Ministry official said Friday. Search and rescue work has ended in China's Himalayan region following this month's deadly 6.9-magnitude earthquake, with the government urging greater reconstruction efforts, state media said Sunday. The fish-and-chip shop may be as ``Truly British'' as the bobbies patrolling in their pointed black helmets, but the tidy streets, royalist sentiments and low crime rate hark back to an era that faded away decades ago in Britain. The municipality of Vienna said Friday it would designate as heroes' graves the resting places of 37 prominent Jews who died here before 1945 and to "declassify" the graves of eight Nazis who were buried with this honour. The court's action, taken without comment, was a setback for civil libertarians who had hoped to win limits on the secrecy rule, a legacy of the Cold War. Supporters of U.S. fugitive Ira Einhorn joined him at home in this small French village Wednesday, chatting and sipping wine from plastic cups at a party he has called a ``Last Supper'' before his likely extradition from France. ISLAMABAD, November 29 (Xinhua) -- Terming the recent bomb blasts in Pakistan an open terrorism, a senior police officer blamed the forces "across the eastern border" for masterminding these blasts.
t8475 Meanwhile in Spain trawler owners pressed their government to increase the number of Spanish patrol boats in the disputed area. U.S. envoy Christopher Hill said Friday that North Korea is prepared to promptly carry out a pledge to shut down its main nuclear reactor, but warned that the country's complete denuclearization will not be easy. US President Barack Obama has invited Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas to Washington in May in a fresh bid to relaunch Middle East peace talks, a Palestinian official said Sunday. What grass remains of the fiercest tornado ever to strike Maryland is dappled with shards of glass and shredded asphalt shingles. A former chef at Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch told jurors on Friday that he saw the pop icon with his hand down the front of child movie star Macaulay Culkin's pants. Hearing that, Lisa Davis didn't think twice about removing the toys from her 5-year-old daughter's room and "chucking them in the trash" rather than returning the items for a replacement. Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday asked a federal appeals court to grant a rehearing on whether the company illegally bundled code for Web browsing software with that of its dominant Windows desktop operating system. About 80.4 percent of vacant jobs during the first ten months of this year were in the private sector, Romania's National Agency for Employment and Occupational Training said Wednesday.
t8476 Sweden and Germany signed a new air and sea rescue agreement here Monday aimed at rendering rescue operations around the Baltic sea more efficient, the Swedish Transport Ministry said. From famine to feast: Portugal's capital is finally getting the modern art museum of international stature it has long craved. Leading final-round scores from the Ballantine's Championship in Jeju, South Korea, on Sunday. Tournament reduced to 54 holes due to poor weather. The tale of a group of New Jersey nursing home workers locked in a tangle of greed and betrayal over a $58.9 million share in a multistate lottery jackpot ended Monday with a wheeze. State lottery officials said the mysterious winner was neither the pool of night-shift workers who Premier League referee Mike Dean was suspended Friday for the rest of the season for "breaching the terms of his contract" because of his involvement in an online race horse syndicate. Sutherland, who plays counter-terrorism agent Jack Bauer on the Fox TV show "24," was scheduled for sentencing Dec. 21 in Los Angeles County Superior Court. Striking government workers and cash-strapped retirees marched by the thousands Wednesday to the seat of national power, a day after their president locked up political support for an unpopular mix of state wage and pension cuts. The Mongolian Constitutional Court ruled Wednesday that Constitutional amendments adopted by the State Great Hural (parliament) of Mongolia on December 24, 1999 are null and void.
t8477 Heavy snowfall and strong winds on Monday disrupted central city traffic and caused delays of up to 30 minutes at the Stockholm airport, airport officials said. Suspected Taliban militants attacked police posts in southern Afghanistan, sparking clashes and NATO airstrikes that left 25 civilians and 20 militants dead, a senior police officer said Friday. Unheralded Marcus Fraser landed the biggest victory of his career after he carded a final-round three-under-par 69 to win the Ballantine's Championship on Sunday. Vivendi Universal said Monday that it would ask a Paris court to annul the voting results of its shareholder meeting last Wednesday. US communications giant Motorola Inc on Friday launched an applied research laboratory in India's high-tech hub Bangalore, as part of a plan to make the growing Asian nation its center for engineering and product development. They also released a chilling timeline and grim details of Tyler Peterson pursuing his victims through his former girlfriend's house, killing one girl as she hid in a closet. Two defectors from Belarus have told U.S. officials that a death squad created by President Alexander Lukashenko's government was responsible for the disappearance of four prominent opposition figures over the past two years in Belarus, the State Department said Wednesday. Hasina who will leave here early Saturday for a three-nation Europe tour will pay an official visit to Germany from December 5 to 7 at the invitation of the Federal Chancellor.
t8660 Striking baseball players could be on the verge of a legal victory that would end their 7 1/2-month walkout and force club owners to lock them out, shut down the sport or risk financial ruin. Look around the kitchen of Filippo La Mantia's hip restaurant in downtown Rome and you'll see oranges, leaves of fresh basil, olive oil. But no garlic. US stocks were mixed Monday, with the Dow keeping momentum from an eight-week- old rally amid upbeat earnings from bellwether stock Caterpillar and optimism over an aid plan for Greece that buoyed global markets. Watching a Woody Allen film nowadays _ especially a movie like his newest comedy, ``Hollywood Ending,'' in which the director is also the star _ is like settling down with a plate heaped with comfort food. The meat loaf, mashed potatoes and string beans may be reasonably tasty and Israeli police were out in force Saturday in Jerusalem's Old City, a day ahead of a banned protest by Jewish extremists at a holy site that could inflame the Palestinians and shatter a fragile ceasefire. Deputy District Attorney Andre Manssourian said Thursday that he gave the artist a list of options that are available to defendants ordered to perform community service. The name of the park where he will be working is not being released to prevent disruptions, Manssourian said. He will be part Jeff Bagwell hit for the cycle, homering and doubling in an eight-run fifth inning as the Houston Astros outslugged St. Louis 17-11 Wednesday night in the highest-scoring game at Enron Field. Albanian police on Wednesday brought the volatile situation in north Albania briefly under control by detaining former President Sali Berisha.
t8661 Jacques Medecin, former mayor of Nice and once the uncrowned king of the French Riviera, goes on trial Wednesday for the first time over allegations of multi-million dollar corruption which forced him to flee to South America. Sven-Goran Eriksson is being urged to make a quick decision on whether he wants to become Manchester City's manager under proposed new owner Thaksin Shinawatra. Three other coaches are being considered for the job. The Wall Street Journal unveiled a New York edition of the newspaper on Monday as it seeks to battle The New York Times for readers and advertising dollars on its home turf. Contaminated burritos, strawberries, spaghetti and other foods on school lunch trays are posing an increasing health risk to students, a congressional investigator told a joint House-Senate panel Tuesday. Worries over public safety topped economic concerns for the first time in seven years, a government survey released Saturday said. The Turkish government warned Thursday that a congressional committee vote labeling the mass killings of Armenians during the Ottoman Empire as genocide will "endanger relations" with the United States. Cuba's National Museum of Fine Arts reopened Wednesday after a rehabilitation of the three-building complex, which houses nearly 50,000 works dating back to the island's Spanish colonization. Colombian President Andres Pastrana and his Venezuelan counterpart, Hugo Chavez, will meet in Mexico City next Friday in an effort to mend fences between the two Andean neighbors.
t8662 The Israeli parliament defeated Monday a right-wing opposition censure motion against the government following a minister's statement forecasting the emergence of a Palestinian state. A company that sent a termination letter to an Indiana National Guardsman serving in Iraq has retracted it and apologized to his family. Famed Spanish restaurant elBulli lost its crown as the world's best in an international poll Monday after four years at the top, beaten to the number one spot by rising star Noma in Copenhagen. The Metropolitan Opera commissioned John Harbison's opera ``The Great Gatsby'' to celebrate the 25th anniversary of James Levine's company debut. Naturally, Levine, who conducted the premiere in December 1999, has strong attachments to the work. Government forces continued to hunt down rebels from the minority Zaidi community in mountains of northwest Yemen Saturday following fierce clashes that have left over 200 people dead in less than a fortnight. U.S. Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates, meeting his British counterpart for the fifth time since taking office last December, said Britain's decision to withdraw its forces from Basra was directly coordinated with Army Gen. David H. Petraeus, the U.S. officer who commands allied troops in Iraq. Thunderstorms dumped up to 6 inches of rain on parts of southwestern Ohio, killing a man and his daughter and knocking out power to 26,000 customers. The report quoted American Airlines spokeswoman Karen Watson as saying that the plane, which was carrying 66 people, landed safely at the airport Wednesday night.
t8664 The United States and South Korea have worked out problems concerning US access to the South Korean telecommunications market, the US Trade Representative's office said Monday. Authorities have broken up a multinational criminal gang that swiped banking information from ATMs and manufactured false bank cards, netting some US$95,000, officials said Friday. The iconic Hollywood sign overlooking Los Angeles has been saved from development after Playboy mogul Hugh Hefner stepped in with a 900,000-dollar donation, activists said Monday. Shares of Edison Schools, the nation's largest for-profit operator of public schools, halted a weeklong slide Tuesday that had eroded more than half the stock's value. Roman Catholic cardinals Saturday convened their first meeting after the emotional ritual of John Paul II's funeral, as the Vatican machinery rumbled on and the focus shifted to his succession. Only this: Blackwater is what America wanted. Even if few Americans had ever heard of the company until recently, most voters generally have supported the decadeslong bipartisan trend toward government downsizing, "reinvention" and outright privatization. Founded in 1997 and first funded by the Clinton administration, Blackwater, for better or Republican supporters of campaign finance legislation urged House Speaker Dennis Hastert to give them a vote on their bill while their Democratic allies prepared a petition drive to force a House vote. The International Amateur Athletic Federation (IAAF) has been looking at modifying rules and a new electronic monitoring system for race walking.
t8665 One year after media tycoon Silvio Berlusconi, a political novice, won Italy's general election, political life is becoming aggressively polarised between left and right as they give no quarter in the fight for the middle ground which used to be dominant. Much of southeastern Europe baked in record hot temperatures Friday and electricity resources were being stretched to cover heightened demand during the summer's first major heat wave. One of the best ways Brazilians can stave off chronic illness is to engage regularly in physical exercise, especially sex, Health Minister Jose Gomes Temporao said Monday. A U.S. Bankruptcy Court judge has approved a plan for the Dee Howard Aircraft Maintenance to sell its assets to Vision Technologies Aerospace for $14.2 million. Tibet's exiled spiritual leader the Dalai Lama called Saturday for the abolition of the death penalty and a revamp of centuries of academic-centered thinking on education to build a more "warm-hearted" world. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with presidential candidate Sam Brownback, a two-term Republican senator from Kansas. Tom Glavine made another stingy start in one of his favorite ballparks and Keith Lockhart hit a three-run homer Wednesday night that sent the Atlanta Braves to a rain-shortened 3-1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds. Sepp Blatter, the president of soccer's governing body FIFA, arrived here on Wednesday to explore the possibility of developing interest in soccer on this baseball- crazy island country.
t9514 The House of Representatives rejected Wednesday proposals to limit US lawmakers' terms in office in the first defeat in the lower house for the conservative agenda championed by the Republican majority. Emirates Team New Zealand came from behind to snatch a 28-second win over defending champion Alinghi Sunday, leveling their best-of-nine America's Cup series at 1-1. Japan's ruling party kingpin Ichiro Ozawa moved back into the firing line Tuesday over a political funds scandal but vowed not to resign ahead of crucial summer elections. Too young for the Spandex and nose candy of the disco era, and too sheltered for the decadent days of glam rock, Tjinder Singh might seem an unlikely savior of both sounds. Millions are starving in southern Sudan, including tens of thousands of returnees drawn back by the promise of peace and displaced persons fleeing Darfur in the west, according to aid workers here. Attorney Wayne Bennett doesn't make waves at his job; he makes peace. As a special master in this city's family court system, his deep, measured voice -- touched with the lilt of his native Jamaica -- has quelled hundreds of arguments over contested child support payments. Spanish teen-ager Marc Lopez, a qualifier playing his first tournament, upset countryman Alberto Martin 4-6, 6-4, 6-3 Friday to reach the semifinals of the Mercedes Cup. Manchester United, English Premiership leaders and the world's most famous football club, are planning to make a three-city Asian tour next year.
t9516 The head of a Philippine government inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the hanging of a Filipina maid in Singapore said Thursday it had evidence that she may have been innocent. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Sunday he received U.S. and Israeli assurances that the Jewish state was ready to make progress at an upcoming summit meeting in Egypt, the official Jordanian news agency Petra reported. A female diplomat in the Indian embassy in Islamabad has been arrested in New Delhi on charges of spying for Pakistan, reports said Tuesday. The ultimate creature of habit could not have had a more disruptive season than Nomar Garciaparra last year. There was nothing routine about the reconstructive wrist surgery he had last April on his right hand, and nothing remotely satisfying about a season in which he missed all but 21 Anti-Japanese protests in China were supported by the government but reflect genuine public hostility towards Tokyo, said analysts and protestors who jumped at the chance to demonstrate. For scientists, global warming is a disaster movie, its opening scenes set at the poles of Earth. The epic already has started. And it's not fiction. A man has admitted to building two package bombs and mailing one to his ex-wife at the plumbing supply company where she worked, federal agents said. Lanzhou, capital of northwest China's Gansu Province suffered from serious air pollution Tuesday, according to a daily air quality report released by the China Environmental Monitoring Center.
t9530 Malaysian police will classify the dumping of toxic and chemical waste as manslaughter, news reports said Thursday amid mounting public concern after two alarming cases of dumping. U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Sunday welcomed what she characterized as new energy and cooperation from France to end the violence in Sudan's Darfur region. She warned Sudan's government not to put fresh conditions on peacemaking efforts. Spain's jobless rate topped 20 percent in the first quarter, its highest level since 1997, a report said Tuesday, citing figures accidentally released by statistics institute INE ahead of schedule. When Larry Zicklin, the president of the UJA-Federation of New York, a Jewish charity, thought in early March that he might organize a package tour to Israel, few people seemed interested. But after the Passover killings on March 27, and with reports of a rising wave of anti-Semitism in Top US military commanders believe that security improvements in Iraq can lead to significant US troop reductions by early 2006, the New York Times reported Monday. And with all that fat, ripe stuff to assault, the best they can do to "Rocky" in this "Scary Movie"-esque pastiche of sight gags is have a geriatric Balboa clone literally knocked into dust with one punch? The false teeth falling in the cup doesn't make it any better. Tiger Woods inched toward the lead with back-to-back birdies on par-5s Friday at the British Open, where crowds cheered wildly for every shot struck by Colin Montgomerie. The Component Stock Index on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange closed at 4,820.59 points Tuesday, down 34.63 points from last close, according to the Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t9531 The Republicans' "Contract With America" has suffered its first defeat in the House of Representatives as lawmakers rejected proposals to limite their terms in office. A long-range strike by Almukhain Ahmed gave Oman a 1-0 victory over Indonesia on Sunday as both sides warmed up for soccer's upcoming Asian Cup. France "took note" Tuesday of the re-election of Sudan's President Omar al- Beshir, while alleging the vote was tainted by fraud and repeating its support for the war crimes tribunal that indicted him. Looking enviously at Asian tigers such as Taiwan and South Korea, which have become big exporters of high-tech goods, Brazil dreams of becoming a Latin jaguar. France captain Fabien Pelous is out of Toulouse's Heineken Cup semi-final with Leicester on April 24 after the lock strained knee ligaments in a weekend club match against Bourgoin. The largest homeless-services provider in suburban Loudoun County, Va., is consolidating and upgrading its facilities, bolstering the level of care for the indigent in a growing county that will still lack a permanent shelter for homeless men. A judge refused to block the merger of Wachovia Corp. and First Union Corp., rejecting in Friday's ruling a request by rival suitor SunTrust Banks Inc. The Composite Index on the Shanghai Stock Exchange closed at 2,091.67 points Tuesday, down 0. 46 points from the last close, according to Guangfa Securities Co., Ltd.
t9532 Japan's industrial output in February expanded by 1.9 percent over the previous month after contracting a revised 1.5 percent in January, the international trade and industry ministry said Thursday. Israel agreed Sunday to begin releasing hundreds of millions of dollars in frozen tax funds to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, part of a package of planned goodwill gestures meant to strengthen the moderate Palestinian leader in his standoff against the Islamic militant group Hamas. Bosnian Serbs will never accept that the 1995 Srebrenica massacre of some 8,000 Muslims was genocide, Bosnian Serb Prime Minister Milorad Dodik told a Belgrade daily in an interview published Tuesday. With apparent American acquiescence, Israel has seen off an international effort to examine its army's behavior at the Jenin refugee camp during the invasion of the Palestinian territories last month. Britain's Prince Harry, the youngest son of newlywed Prince Charles, is due in Lesotho on Monday to continue the charity work he began last year with children living with AIDS in the southern African kingdom, an embassy official said. From the Zeituna Restaurant to the Basel Furniture store, business once thrived along the road that runs through this Palestinian village, conducted in a language no longer spoken here. President Bush, arriving at the summit of industrialized nations, waved to riot police from his armored limousine Friday as he rode through streets cleared of people for security purposes. The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) government received information Tuesday that the Justice and Home Affairs Council of the European Union (EU) had reached an agreement in principle to grant visa- free access to HKSAR passport holders.
t9533 Singapore CableVision (SCV) Pte. Ltd. signed up ESPN, the world's largest cable sports network, on Thursday in another step towards bringing cable TV to households in the city-state by mid-June. Thousands of people flocked to a mock English flea market in Spain's capital on Sunday, using British currency to buy bric-a-brac and browsing antiques stalls for bargains. The Philippines saw its budget deficit rise by 12.1 percent in the first quarter of 2010, due to the need to spend on projects before national elections in May, the finance department said Tuesday. The prospect of outside intervention, anathema to most Israelis, is a saving grace to Palestinians. On May 2 Yasser Arafat was released from his imprisonment in Ramallah, courtesy of a model he wants applied throughout the occupied territories: the insertion of foreign security men. Any international force would have Lebanon's prime minister-designate Omar Karameh struggled Monday to form a new government amid squabbling over cabinet posts and a law to set the framework for legislative elections due next month. The package, sponsored by members including Rep. Barney Frank, D-Mass., chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services, would make clear that the rules applied to all key participants in making loans -- notably brokers and independent lenders who generally have been overlooked by regulators. Secretary of State Colin Powell said Friday he will feel a flood of emotions when he returns to Vietnam decades after serving two tours there as an army officer during the Vietnam War. Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) staff around the country Tuesday walked off the job in protest over management's decision to axe core programs and sack a high-profile staff member.
t9534 Japan's industrial production in February increased by 1.9 percent from the figure for the previous month after contracting a revised 1.5 percent in January, the International Trade and Industry Ministry (MITI) said on Thursday. An enormous forest fire started by tool sparks has destroyed dozens of homes and cabins on the scenic Kenai Peninsula south of Anchorage. British energy giant BP said Tuesday that first-quarter profits rocketed on higher oil prices but admitted that the news was overshadowed by last week's tragic accident at a rig in the Gulf of Mexico. The man at the center of Iran's latest, incoherent bid to improve its relations with the United States was in a roughly similar position 16 years ago. The results then were unfortunate. And the results of the present confused, backbiting process look like being no less futile. Bilateral trade has been threatened by two days of protests and calls for the boycott of Japanese goods in China, but the Asian giants are bound by an economic relationship that neither can afford to break. Frederick "Ted" Bayer, 85, an emeritus curator at the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of Natural History and a deep-sea biologist who specialized in the study and classification of soft corals, died Oct. 2 at the Washington Home hospice. He had congestive heart failure. Floods that have hammered eastern India for a week worsened Friday, carrying waterborne diseases that raised the death toll to 39 and forcing the evacuation of more than a million people. Thousands of flood-affected farmers in Australia are expected to take advantage of a two-year multi-million Australian dollar help package announced Tuesday by the federal government.
t9535 The Japanese and North Korean ruling parties signed a joint statement Thursday in Pyongyang as their first major step toward resuming stalled normalization talks, news agencies said. France won the men's European Cup competition for the second straight year by edging Germany and Russia swept its 11th consecutive women's title when the two-day competition ended Sunday. Radical US-Yemeni cleric Anwar al-Awlaki has appeared in a video apparently produced by Al-Qaeda's Yemen-based arm, confirming his ties with the organisation, a monitoring group said on Tuesday. ``Buddy'' to all the world _ was convicted in 1984 of kidnapping his then wife's alleged lover and torturing him with lit cigarettes. But he was re-elected anyway, and is now the longest-serving big-city mayor in America. Singapore shares closed little changed Monday as the market shrugged off data showing a lacklustre performance for the city-state's economy in the first quarter of the year, dealers said. Could my son be accused of sexual harassment? He's a good boy. He likes watching "Thomas the Tank Engine" on television and playing "Simon Says." Like many 3-year-olds, he's very affectionate. Unfortunately, hugging his teacher may get him suspended from nursery school. Stock prices fell Friday on a profit warning from Microsoft, which heightened investors' fears that an economic turnaround won't happen soon. Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori will face two charges by a congressional committee investigating the case of his onetime spymaster, Vladimiro Montesinos, according to local media reports on Monday.
t9536 Turkey said Thursday it was prepared to withdraw most of its forces battling Turkish Kurd separatists in northern Iraq soon under certain conditions. Not one to doubt herself, or pay any heed to those who do, Serena Williams likes her chances as she returns to the All England Club. The Indian Premier League has a long and profitable future ahead of it but the suspension of tournament chief Lalit Modi must lead to reform, experts say. When Larry Zicklin, the president of the UJA-Federation of New York, a Jewish charity, thought in early March that he might organize a package tour to Israel, few people seemed interested. But after the Passover killings on March 27, and with reports of a rising wave of anti-Semitism in Up to 80 police and other officials were injured when thousands of farmers rioted in eastern China after an elderly protestor was allegedly run over and killed by a police car, witnesses said Monday. The new car will be launched with a 265-horsepower V-6 engine with direct fuel injection (into the cylinders) and fuel economy that Audi says is improved by 13 percent. It's to be paired with six-speed manual or automatic transmissions. Styling is intended to be sportier, with a shorter front Protesters hurled firebombs and stones at riot police Friday in hours of violent clashes designed to disrupt a summit of world leaders. Police wielded clubs and fired water cannons and tear gas to drive back the demonstrators. Microsoft plans to donate 100 million dollars to help create and run computer centers in Boys and Girls Clubs throughout the nation, Bill Gates announced Monday.
t9537 A Japanese court on Monday ruled that the firing of an HIV-positive man by his employer was invalid and ordered the company to pay compensation of six million yen (67,000 dollars) and unpaid salary to him. An explosion in southern Lebanon near the border with Israel injured five U.N. peacekeepers Sunday, a leading television station here reported. Radical US-Yemeni cleric Anwar al-Awlaki has appeared in a video apparently produced by Al-Qaeda's Yemen-based arm, confirming his ties with the organisation, a monitoring group said on Tuesday. Looking enviously at Asian tigers such as Taiwan and South Korea, which have become big exporters of high-tech goods, Brazil dreams of becoming a Latin jaguar. The Asian Development Bank said Monday it has approved 300 million dollars in its biggest ever single grant to help rehabilitate and reconstruct tsunami-ravaged areas in Indonesia. In college sports, the no man's land between professional and amateur athletics, it is no longer just the bowl games and stadiums that are for sale but even the players on the field. The killing of three Palestinians in the West Bank, apparently by Jewish extremists, drew condemnations Friday from Israeli leaders, Jewish settlers and the United States. Palestinians held Israel's government responsible. WASHINGTON, December 4 (Xinhua) -- Following are the standings of National Basketball Association teams after Monday's games ( tabulate under wins, losses, winning percentage, games behind first place)