t980 A man was shot dead and fifteen others injured when Zambian policemen clashed with citizens rioting in protest against alleged ritual murders by a local businessman, police said Monday. U.S. President George W. Bush expressed confidence on Monday about passing an immigration bill and said a Senate vote of no-confidence in Alberto Gonzales would have no bearing on his service as attorney general. French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced Tuesday in Washington that he would visit China later this month, joined by his wife, Carla Bruni-Sarkozy. These columns for release Tuesday, April 2, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Media and entertainment giant Viacom Inc. said Wednesday it may split into two divisions with one focussing on "growth" and the other, more traditional arm, aiming for "value". I don't know if ``Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix'' is a good movie -- I haven't seen it. But I'm pretty certain that it shouldn't be judged as a movie at all. It is a visual representation of a book in which millions of people are Two car bombs blew up Monday in the working class town of Yehud, just hours after three Palestinian militants were killed by missiles fired by an Israeli helicopter in a pinpointed attack. Australia's farmers should remember rising fuel prices were hitting farmers worldwide and not just them, Deputy Prime Minister and National Party Leader John Anderson said Tuesday.
t1088 Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin on Thursday proposed a three-phase solution to end the three-month-old conflict in Chechnya, starting with the declaration of demilitarised zones. Derek Jeter hit a go-ahead homer and finished with four hits, Alex Rodriguez added a home run and the New York Yankees beat the slumping Mets 11-8 Saturday. India has added almost 100 million people to its list of the poor, a move that will give a total of 372 million access to state welfare schemes and subsidies, a government official said Monday. Maybe a job applicant claims that he earned a bachelor's degree when he was actually one semester shy of graduation. Or he boasts of winning an award from a trade group that doesn't exist. Police on Wednesday handcuffed and led away three children and seven adults who tried to take water into the hospice where brain-damaged Terri Schiavo is being cared for. He was an important political figure, arrested for engaging in lewd conduct in a public men's Married, with children, he told no one. Instead he pleaded guilty without even hiring a lawyer, hoping the problem would quietly disappear. French judges investigating a scandal involving cash payments for airline tickets moved a step closer to President Jacques Chirac on Wednesday, questioning his daughter in the case that dates back to Chirac's time as Paris mayor. A book based on a cancer patient's diary, which has recorded the emotions of his last days on earth, is being printed and will hit the shelves soon, said Monday's China Daily.
t1233 Michael Johnson, who improved his own indoor 400m world record to 44.63 on Saturday, said he was heading home to Dallas, Texas, to start training for the 200m and 400m outdoors. His 200m split in his record- breaking run was 21.08. The names and faces of famous New Yorkers including Mickey Mantle, Judy Garland and Malcolm X would be protected in New York from advertising and promotion not authorized by their estates under a measure pushed by Al Pacino and Yoko Ono. A South African surfer survived a shark attack after wrestling away from the hungry predator off the country's southeastern coast, local media reported Tuesday. If you can afford club seats at Astros Field this season, you will be able to dine on pheasant quesadillas and wild-boar tamales, with a side salad of field greens in a three-pepper balsamic vinegar dressing, served in a hollowed-out multi-grain dinner roll. Police in Vietnam were investigating a man for his suspected role in distributing a pornographic film on the Internet showing him in sex acts with a noted actress, an officer said Thursday. I suppose I'll merely expose myself to harmless ridicule if I make the following assertion: George W. Bush's presidency will probably be a successful one. Republican House leaders urged the Bush administration Monday to uphold a ban on embryonic stem cell research and block any federal funding of projects that use such cells. Russian challenger Vladimir Kramnik extended his lead over world chess number one Gary Kasparov in the world chess championships on Tuesday.
t1235 A young German violinist plans to sue the London Philharmonic Orchestra after its conductor, her nephew by adoption, cancelled her London debut on the grounds she was "not ready," the Daily Telegraph reported Tuesday. Albanian opposition parties threatened to boycott the first round of presidential elections next week because the governing party choose its own candidate without consulting the opposition, officials said Monday. India's Maoist rebels top the list of the worst human rights offenders among the myriad of insurgent groups in the country, a study on torture in the world's largest democracy said Tuesday. If you can afford club seats at Astros Field this season, you will be able to dine on pheasant quesadillas and wild-boar tamales, with a side salad of field greens in a three-pepper balsamic vinegar dressing, served in a hollowed-out multi-grain dinner roll. A Spanish businessman of Iraqi origin who was held hostage for several weeks in Iraq has been freed and brought back to Spain, the foreign ministry here announced Thursday. Farmers here call these sandblasted acacia orchards the ``gardens of our grandfathers,'' and for centuries the sticky amber sap flowing from them helped to bind civilization. Seattle outfielder Ichiro Suzuki became the first rookie to draw the most votes and was among four Mariners elected by fans Monday to start next week's All-Star game at Safeco Field. Veteran Richard Krajicek of the Netherlands eliminated fifth-seeded Juan Carlos Ferreros of Spain 6-4, 6-3 in the opening round of the Swiss indoors tennis championships in Basle, Switzerland on Tuesday.
t1297 Unexpectedly high producer price and industrial output rises fuelled fears the US economy was overheated, and that the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates, sending blue chips lower Wednesday. U.S. nuclear envoy Christopher Hill says the next round of North Korean nuclear disarmament talks could be held in early July. US President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden will lead mourners on Sunday at a service in West Virginia for the dead of the worst US mining tragedy in decades. Digital video recorders are the rage. The picture is better, and units like the Replay TV _ which uses a hard disk instead of videotape _ have features not available with old-fashioned VCRs. European Union (EU) foreign policy chief Javier Solana said Wednesday that maintaining an arms embargo on China is "unfair" given the changes in China since it was imposed in 1989. "Justice League of America" is exactly the kind of movie Warner Bros. loves to make. Based on the classic DC Comics series, the script is filled with a dream team of recognizable superheroes -- Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, the Flash -- and could not only become its own franchise, A prosecution expert said Tuesday that a former Ku Klux Klansman is faking mental problems and is competent to stand trial for the 1963 church bombing that killed four black girls. A total of 2.2 billion euros ( 1.870 billion U.S. dollars) of investments departed from Portugal's stock-market from January to August this year, according to a report released by Bank of Portugal Friday.
t1768 The peseta nosedived to a new all-time low early Friday afternoon on the London forex market, hitting 93.30 to the German mark, Dresdner Bank analyst Elizabeth Legge said. Your work computer just suffered a major meltdown. Maybe the operating system failed, or a virus crashed the hard drive. News that banking giant Goldman Sachs has been charged with fraud sent Asian stocks tumbling Monday, while airlines were hit as northern European airspace was closed due to the Icelandic volcano. Stating that the ``foundation for economic expansion'' has been laid but that the strength and sustainability of the recovery is still uncertain, Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve's chairman, strongly suggested to Congress on Wednesday that monetary policy would remain unchanged for the foreseeable Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has told US officials there is no question of freezing Israel's planned expansion of Maale Adumim, the largest Jewish settlement in the West Bank, an aide said Thursday. er, darlings -- are back where they ought to be, make sure you keep an eye on their training for fall sports. The last thing you want is to have them injured and lounging on the couch where they have spent the past three months hollering for food. The heads of the West Coast chapter of the Hollywood performer unions have submitted a tentative contract settlement for a vote by the guilds' nearly 135,000 members. Overseas direct investment in China during the first 10 months this year increased 37 percent in contractual volume from the same period last year.
t1952 Nippon Challenge came from behind at the last mark to defeat Spain's Rioja de Espana by 13 seconds and take the final position in the America's Cup challenger semifinals here Wednesday. Romania's prime minister held talks Tuesday with EU leaders on his country's troubled justice system, amid concerns that the government lacks commitment to further reforms. Next year's Six Nations will start on a Friday for the first time when Wales host England in Cardiff, organisers of Europe's leading international rugby union tournament said Wednesday. U.S. officials were scrambling Thursday to determine whether a 22-year-old captive from the war in Afghanistan is a U.S. citizen. The Ugandan army said Friday it killed seven Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) fighters and rescued 13 children from rebel captivity in clashes with the group in the war-scarred north of the country. Even as President Bush last week named four candidates to fill long-standing vacancies on federal appeals courts, conservative legal activists were spoiling for a fight over what they call the unfair treatment of the president's judicial nominees. Pudgy and shy, 13-year-old Matt Shafer had an outlet in rap but few to really share it with _ until a chance day he saw Bob Ritchie work the deejay's turntable. The Guatemalan government has asked a renewal of the U.N. Verification Mission in Guatemala (MINUGUA), the mission said in a communique issued in Guatemala City on Saturday.
t2023 A man was shot dead and fifteen others injured when Zambian policemen clashed with citizens rioting in protest against alleged ritual murders by a local businessman, police said Monday. U.S. President George W. Bush expressed confidence on Monday about passing an immigration bill and said a Senate vote of no-confidence in Alberto Gonzales would have no bearing on his service as attorney general. French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced Tuesday in Washington that he would visit China later this month, joined by his wife, Carla Bruni-Sarkozy. These columns for release Tuesday, April 2, 2002 are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Media and entertainment giant Viacom Inc. said Wednesday it may split into two divisions with one focussing on "growth" and the other, more traditional arm, aiming for "value". I don't know if ``Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix'' is a good movie -- I haven't seen it. But I'm pretty certain that it shouldn't be judged as a movie at all. It is a visual representation of a book in which of people are Two car bombs blew up Monday in the working class town of Yehud, just hours after three Palestinian militants were killed by missiles fired by an Israeli helicopter in a pinpointed attack. Australia's farmers should remember rising fuel prices were hitting farmers worldwide and not just them, Deputy Prime Minister and National Party Leader John Anderson said Tuesday.
t3170 Vandals profaned about 130 tombs at a Christian Orthodox cemetery in Macedonia's multi-ethnic town of Kumanovo, northwest of here, Macedonian television said Sunday. Visiting former U.S. President Jimmy Carter called Nepal's prime minister a hero on Thursday, praising a peace process that ended a decade-old communist insurgency in the Himalayan nation. The death toll from a strong earthquake in northwestern China has risen to 1,144, Xinhua news agency reported on Friday. ATLANTA - Louis Rukeyser, the business news host ousted from his throne on public broadcasting, has found a way to get on commercial TV and still have his face on public broadcasting. The dollar was higher against the yen and euro in Asian trade Monday as investors braced themselves for the likelihood the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this week, dealers said. A Washington Post opinion article misstated a measure of Japan's economy. Japan's accumulated government debt is more than 170 times its gross domestic product, not its fiscal deficit. Just hours after Fred Williams resigned as coach, the Utah Starzz snapped a three-game losing streak with a 73-69 victory over Cleveland Rockers on Friday night. The Singapore Airlines (SIA) announced Saturday that it is offering the families of passengers and crew who died in the Flight SQ 006 accident in Taipei 400,000 U.S. dollars each in compensation.
t3171 A high society Italian dentist trying to conceal an affair with a student, sold their illegitimate baby son to an ex-convict for a reputed sum of 30,000 dollars, newspapers here said Sunday. Fiji's military ruler said Thursday he was expelling New Zealand's top diplomat, sending relations between the two South Pacific nations already strained by a coup in Fiji last year spiraling even lower. A tribal militia group on Friday freed eight Red Cross workers it has held hostage for a week in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Red Cross said. Standing before the ruins of one of the giant, ancient Buddhas that was dynamited by the Taliban last year, interim Afghan leader Hamid Karzai pledged Tuesday to rebuild the statues whose destruction caused an international outcry. Hong Kong share prices closed the Monday morning session flat ahead of the US Federal Open Market Committee's (FOMC) meeting on Tuesday, when it is expected to hike interest rates by 25 basis points to 2.75 percent, dealers said. Low-skilled immigrants rarely have insurance, whether life, accident or unemployment, and sometimes when they have an emergency, friends and family members pass donation buckets in small churches or call Spanish-language radio stations conducting phone-a-thons to raise money to pay the bills. Fred Williams resigned as head coach of the Utah Starzz on Friday, saying only that it was ``time for a change.'' The runoff for the second stage of parliamentary elections in Egypt started Saturday morning, in which 232 candidates will compete for 119 seats.
t3172 European light middleweight champion Laurent Boudouani has called off his fight with Britain's Steve Foster on April 11 after undergoing surgery for a hand injury. Two operations in a volatile southern Afghanistan province killed 26 Taliban militants, including several commanders, the Afghan Interior Ministry said Thursday. Air traffic disruption brought about by the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland is estimated to be costing airlines more than 200 million dollars per day, the International Air Transport Association said Friday. In two more indications that the ravaged telecommunications sector may yet to have hit bottom, Verizon Communications Tuesday announced it will take a $2.5 billion charge for failing wireless and optical investments, and Nortel Networks warned its first-quarter sales fell to under half of year-ago levels. Philippine share prices closed 0.80 percent lower Monday with investors quick to take profits ahead of the long upcoming Easter break, dealers said. Televisions hang on the wall these days, so why not aquariums? The AquaVista 500 is a wall-mounted, all-plastic freshwater aquarium that measures a little more than 2 feet square, and holds about 6.6 gallons. You can choose from an assortment of frame colors and styles, as well as different An Air Force pilot was killed Friday when a jet fighter crashed about 40 miles off the coast, officials said. About 600 wildlife experts from 60 countries will be gathering here for the 39th annual conference of World Wildlife Fund (WWF) from November 13 to 17, according to the WWF Nepal Office.
t3173 Croatia has reversed its rejection of UN peacekeepers and will let a scaled-down force stay if the troops monitor Croatian borders in rebel-held regions, Croatian President Franjo Tudjman said here Sunday. China criticized a climate change pact reached at last week's G-8 summit, saying Thursday that it was a good start but that more specific details are needed on how developed countries will contribute. US President Barack Obama huddled with his Afghan war cabinet on Friday, for the first full meeting since his administration publicly sparred with Afghan President Hamid Karzai. The list of popularly accepted ``dangerous sports'' most often begins with football, boxing and auto racing. But in fatal injuries to young athletes, pole vaulting ranks close to the worst. Indonesia is to hike tobacco tax due to health concerns and a need for more income, a report said Monday, a week after US firm Philip Morris made a five billion-dollar bid to enter the lucrative market. Veteran Chicago rapper Common must be feeling special: He has the first No. 1 album of his career with ``Finding Forever,'' which sold 155,000 copies in its first week in stores, according to Nielsen SoundScan. Mark Mulder pitched seven perfect innings before Danny Bautista led off the eighth with Arizona's lone hit as the Oakland Athletics beat the Diamondbacks 3-0 Friday night. Five people died instantly and seven others were critically injured when two vehicles collided in eastern Uganda, Uganda's New Vision newspaper reported on Saturday.
t3174 Palestinian police found two bombs along a road near a Jewish settlement due to be used by PLO chief Yasser Arafat returning from Egypt among seven devices discovered Sunday in Gaza. South Korea will send 350 peacekeepers to Lebanon in July, the Defense Ministry said Thursday, as part of international efforts to oversee a cease-fire between Israel and militant group Hezbollah. US conglomerate General Electric delivered an upbeat outlook on "earnings power" Friday as it reported a fall in first-quarter profit that was better than the market expected. Between Sunday night's New York opening of ``Topdog/Underdog'' and Monday afternoon's awarding of a Pulitzer Prize to Suzan-Lori Parks' play, there was a wild party, presided over by lead producer Carole Shorenstein Hays, whose first encounter with the first review _ a rave in the New York Times _ Three crewmen on a pirated Japanese tugboat were released unhurt in southern Thailand after being held captive for a week, officials said Monday. Dan Moldea has been beaten up by thugs, trashed in the press, accused of chilling free speech and threatened with prosecution. Wade Miller won his fourth straight start, and the Houston Astros rallied for five runs in the sixth inning to beat the Kansas City Royals 8-3 Friday night. This year's UNEP Sasakawa Environment Prize has been awarded to French Scientist Michel Batisse for his outstanding contributions to the conservation of the earth's natural resources and the promotion of sustainable development, according to a news release by the Nairobi-based U. N. Environment Program (UNEP) available Saturday.
t3175 British Prime Minister John Major arrived Sunday at the Ben Gurion airport near Tel Aviv becoming only the second serving British premier to visit Israel. A Filipino member of the international aid group Mercy Corps was shot in the head in eastern Sri Lanka, a spokeswoman for the group said Thursday. President Omar al-Beshir looked set to keep his grip on power as counting began on Friday in Sudan's first multi-party election in 24 years after five days of polling marred by logistical snags and charges of fraud. Between Sunday night's New York opening of ``Topdog/Underdog'' and Monday afternoon's awarding of a Pulitzer Prize to Suzan-Lori Parks' play, there was a wild party, presided over by lead producer Carole Shorenstein Hays, whose first encounter with the first review _ a rave in the New York Times _ China plans to invest 6.43 billion yuan (780 million dollars) to curb sulfur dioxide emissions spewing from the coal-fired power plants that are fueling its economic growth, state media said Monday. President Pervez Musharraf abruptly announced Wednesday he would not attend a traditional tribal council that the Pakistani leader was to have opened jointly in Afghanistan Thursday with his Afghan counterpart. New York Mets manager Bobby Valentine sent Florida's Cliff Floyd a letter Friday saying he regretted the controversy caused by not picking the Marlins' outfielder for the All-Star game. Experts from some two dozen United Nations bodies and other inter-governmental organizations are expected to meet from November 6 to 11 in Monaco to decide how to fortify international efforts to protect and sustainably use the world's oceans and coasts.
t3176 US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Sunday won support from the Gulf monarchies for maintaining sanctions against Iraq but also pressed them to end an embargo on Israel. Hundreds of Shiite Muslims protested across Indian-held Kashmir on Thursday against the destruction of two minarets at a revered Shiite shrine in Iraq, in a bombing blamed on al-Qaida insurgents. US conglomerate General Electric delivered an upbeat outlook on "earnings power" Friday as it reported a fall in first-quarter profit that was better than the market expected. Any citizen with a Web browser and five minutes could find out that Jane Fonda gave nearly $40,000 to Democratic Party and abortion-rights causes over the last three years. But that search of Federal Election Commission records would miss the lion's share of the famous actress's political generosity, more Rescuers searched Monday for survivors of a powerful earthquake in southern Japan that killed one woman, injured hundreds and caused several thousand people to flee their homes. If your doctor prescribed four simple pills that could reduce your risk of cardiovascular disease, you would probably take them eagerly. An 8-year-old boy was in critical condition Friday after his arm was torn off by a bull shark, officials said. A team of experts organized by the U.N. Environment Program is expected to arrive in Kosovo on November 6 to assess the impact of ordnance containing depleted uranium (DU) used during last year's Balkans conflict.
t3177 The chilly winds of post-Soviet reform and turmoil in Russia are also blowing at the Bolshoi Theatre, the famous showcase of Russian theatre and dance. British chef Gordon Ramsay's younger brother went on trial for heroin possession Thursday -- a charge that faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison, court officials said. Air traffic disruption brought about by the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland is estimated to be costing airlines more than 200 million dollars per day, International Air Transport Association said Friday. A U.S. envoy is to travel to North Korea on Thursday to restart a dialogue that has been cut off for months. His visit is part of the busiest flurry of diplomatic activity here since the end of the Clinton administration. Beijing authorities plan to amend regulations that have allowed large swathes of the Chinese capital to be demolished, state media said Monday. U.S. aircraft opened fire on an east Baghdad neighborhood Wednesday, and the military later said it killed 32 members of an al-Mahdi militia offshoot in its latest strike against radical Shiite factions. Villagers angry at being expelled from their homes by a rebel advance mobbed an American diplomat _ underlining the tense atmosphere in which Western envoys are trying to transform a cease-fire into a lasting peace in Macedonia. Philadelphia 76ers remains undefeated as 76ers beat host Orlando Magic with Allen Iverson scoring 29 points and Theo Ratliff 14 points and 17 rebounds.
t3178 Iran's official radio on Sunday urged Afghanistan's warring factions to end the fighting in Kabul following an Afghan government offensive in the capital. At least three Sunni mosques were attacked south of Baghdad on Thursday, police said, in apparent retaliation for the destruction of two minarets at the Shiite Askariya shrine in Samarra a day earlier. Thailand's embattled prime minister put his army chief in charge of security in the capital Friday after a bungled raid on a hotel where leaders of the Red Shirt protest movement were holed up. Prime Minister Bulent Ecevit of Turkey told a gathering of his political party last week that Israel's military incursions into the West Bank were genocide. Australia's second terrorism trial opened Monday with a court hearing that a man planned to carry out a suicide attack on government buildings to kill either intelligence or foreign affairs officers. Here are the latest data on 12th-grade achievement from the National Assessment of Educational Progress testing series known as ``the nation's report card.'' Scores are classified, in order, as showing basic, proficient or advanced levels of performance. Shawn Wooten homered and drove in three runs, helping Ramon Ortiz and the Anaheim Angels beat Mike Hampton and the Colorado Rockies 6-5 Friday night. Canadian pair skaters Jamie Sale and David Pelletier won the pair skating at the Skate Canada in Mississauga, Ontario on Friday, beating Russia's two-time world champions Elena Berezhnaya and Anton Sikharulidze to the second place.
t3179 Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi turned the screws Sunday on Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini, giving him two months to unite the Zulu nation or face being sidelined. Malaysia's leader promised to do everything possible to fight human trafficking, after the U.S. blacklisted the country for allegedly not doing enough about the problem. A German court fined renegade British Catholic bishop Richard Williamson for Holocaust denial Friday in a case that has deeply embarrassed the Vatican. With a crisp salute and a rousing speech, President Pervez Musharraf opened his one-man campaign on Tuesday to stay in office for five more years. A US soldier was killed in action on Sunday in Iraq's restive Al-Anbar province, west of Baghdad, the US military said Monday. U.S. forces staged a major two-pronged attack on a neighborhood controlled by Shiite militia groups Wednesday morning, killing at least 17 people, according to the military and Iraqi police. North Korea sent fighter jet pilots to combat U.S. forces during the Vietnam War, the communist state's official news media reported. Addressing more than 100 noted Chinese and Russian entrepreneurs, the prime minister urged the business people of the two countries to make joint efforts to push the two-way trade to a new high.
t3495 Nippon Challenge came from behind at the last mark to defeat Spain's Rioja de Espana by 13 seconds and take the final position in the America's Cup challenger semifinals here Wednesday. Romania's prime minister held talks Tuesday with EU leaders on his country's troubled justice system, amid concerns that the government lacks commitment to further reforms. Next year's Six Nations will start on a Friday for the first time when Wales host England in Cardiff, organisers of Europe's leading international rugby union tournament said Wednesday. U.S. officials were scrambling Thursday to determine whether a 22-year-old captive from the war in Afghanistan is a U.S. citizen. The Ugandan army said Friday it killed seven Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) fighters and rescued 13 children from rebel captivity in clashes with the group in the war-scarred north of the country. Even as President Bush last week named four to fill long-standing vacancies on federal appeals courts, conservative legal activists were spoiling for a fight over what they call the unfair treatment of the president's judicial nominees. Pudgy and shy, 13-year-old Matt Shafer had an outlet in rap but few to really share it with _ until a chance day he saw Bob Ritchie work the deejay's turntable. The Guatemalan government has asked a renewal of the U.N. Verification Mission in Guatemala (MINUGUA), the mission said in a communique issued in Guatemala City on Saturday.
t3790 Canada has agreed to a guaranteed quota for Australian beef imports from the beginning of 1996, Australian Trade Minister Bob McMullan said Tuesday. Australia will reject a United Nations request to send troops to the Darfur region of Sudan because the deployment would overstretch forces already committed to countries including Iraq and Afghanistan, Prime Minister John Howard said Friday. At least eight people were hurt Saturday when two bombs exploded at a cricket stadium in the Indian city of Bangalore, sparking panic among fans and stoking security fears ahead of the Commonwealth Games. A band of showers and thunderstorms will stretch from the Ohio Valley to the Southern Plains on Friday as a cold front pushes east. Ahead of the front, unseasonably mild air will surge into the Ohio Valley and interior Northeast. Temperatures will climb into the 70s across western New The China basketball league moves into its final round Wednesday, after two divisional playoffs saw defending league champion Guangdong Hongyuan win the southern division and Liaoning Panpan win the north. When the film ``Maxed Out'' arrived in theaters in March, it met with a modest reception: James Scurlock's documentary about America's debt crisis featured crisp editing, engaging stories, a poppy music score and an urgent message about Americans' addiction to credit, our alarming level of personal debt, and the Macedonia's fractious political parties resumed negotiations Monday on a new peace plan that aims to end months of clashes and instability that have threatened to plunge the country into civil war. An international festival featuring sculptures of colored sand will be held next March in Luliang County of southwest China's Yunnan province.
t3791 Life returned to normal across Bangladesh Tuesday as an opposition- called 48-hour anti-government strike ended, but the opposition says the calm won't last long. Naomi Campbell has settled a lawsuit with a former employee who claims the British supermodel abused her verbally and physically on three continents. Rafael Nadal moved closer to his first trophy in almost a year with a 6-2, 6-3 defeat of Spanish compatriot David Ferrer to reach another final of the Monte Carlo Masters on Saturday. These Sports stories for release Friday, April 12, 2002, are moving today to clients of the New York Times News Service. Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura plans to visit China next month for talks on the deteriorating relations between the Asian neighbors, a newspaper reported Tuesday. Jeffrey Blitz claims he's ``allergic'' to autobiographical films, but his latest movie, ``Rocket Science,'' which he wrote and directed, makes you wonder how much of Blitz is in the film's main character, Hal Hefner. Rain showers took aim at the Ohio and Tennessee Valleys early Monday, while thunderstorms threatened to spark across the Gulf Coast and northern Plains. China recently completed the expansion of a liquid transshipment base at its largest land port city of Manzhouli in a bid to import more crude oil from Russia.
t3792 Tens of thousands of Tibetans, isolated without food since mid- February following the heaviest snowfalls in 50 years, had special aid packages dropped from helicopters, a government official in Lhasa said Tuesday. The architect of the business plan for the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics is moving on after only 20 months in the job. Some 200,000 volunteers joined a nationwide campaign Saturday to clean up this country of two million, removing garbage that is an eyesore in many areas of EU member state Slovenia. The House on Thursday easily approved pension reform legislation proposed by President Bush to prevent disasters like the one that wiped out Enron workers' savings. By most accounts, Terri Schiavo, whose plight has triggered an unprecedented mobilization of the White House and Congress, would not have approved the fuss over her plight. Taking the concept of the antihero to extremes is ``Dexter,'' a Showtime series starring Michael C. Hall in the title role as a forensics analyst who just happens to be a serial killer in his spare time. The opposition party of former President Sali Berisha said Monday it would file a complaint with the European Court of Human Rights alleging vote fraud by the Socialist-led government in weekend runoff elections. The renovation of the famous Zhongshan Warship has been completed after 10 months' work, but the plan to let the vessel sail again has been grounded, said sources form the Hubei Shipyard in central China.
t3793 China understands the worries of Hong Kong residents about the resumption of Beijing's sovereignty over the territory in 1997, a senior Chinese official said in a rare admission. In a June 13 story about global trade talks, The Associated Press reported the World Trade Organization's top official said a new global trade pact would still be worthwhile even if it fails to lower manufacturing tariffs in countries such as Brazil, China and India. The story should have Saudi Arabia on Saturday announced plans to build a new centre for nuclear and alternative energy technologies aimed at diversifying power generation away from its oil and natural gas wealth. The House on Thursday easily approved pension reform legislation proposed by President Bush to prevent disasters like the one that wiped out Enron workers' savings. All Blacks hardman Keith Robinson has made a surprise return to contact training this week just days after being advised his career could be over because of lingering back and knee injuries. Louis Braille developed a system of printing for blind people, James Naismith invented the game of basketball, Willis Carrier gave us air conditioning (thank you, Willis!) and Russia Ball came up with the Wish Maker. President Abdurrahman Wahid warned Monday that he will declare a state of emergency and call new elections unless lawmakers drop their impeachment drive against him by July 20. The main focus of the two-day Asia Conference of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) will be identifying reasons of the fall of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in Asia's developing nations, the Financial Express reported Tuesday.
t3794 Narcotics authorities from 15 countries in the Asia-Pacific region opened their first working-level talks Tuesday to cooperate in rooting out drugs from the region. A beleaguered Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas declared a state of emergency and disbanded the Hamas-led unity government after the Islamic militant group vanquished its Fatah rivals and effectively took control of the Gaza Strip on Thursday. Croatia midfielder Ivan Rakitic netted twice to put Schalke 04 top of the Bundesliga in a 3-1 win over Moenchengladbach on Saturday, but Bayern Munich can retake the lead if they beat Hanover later. Whatever economic revival may be developing in the United States and elsewhere, it isn't doing much for Mexico's struggling manufacturers. Hong Kong share prices ended the morning 0.2 percent lower Tuesday as overnight Wall Street falls hit investor sentiment already dampened by expectations that a hike in US interest rates will trigger similar moves here, dealers said. Are you vacationed-out, tired of video-gaming, waterlogged by too many trips to the pool and ready to scream if you see one more ``SpongeBob'' rerun? Two men were beheaded in Riyadh on Monday for killing a man with a meat cleaver after a financial dispute. The following are exchange rates against the Pakistani rupee issued by the Treasury Management Division of the National Bank of Pakistan on Tuesday.
t3795 A bus driver who reportedly fell asleep after 15 straight hours on the road ran his bus into a ravine Monday, killing 22 people, officials said. The violent crisis in Gaza has led the White House to reconsider tentative plans for President George W. Bush to give a major address this month on his hopes for Middle East peace. Nearly 17,000 flights in European airspace were cancelled on Saturday as a vast cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland lingered over the continent, Eurocontrol said. Secretary of State Colin Powell today (Friday) begins an excruciatingly difficult round of truce talks that could have critical consequences for the future of the Middle East. Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra Tuesday cut Thailand's 2005 growth forecast by 0.25 percentage points to 5.25-6.25 percent after moves to end a costly fuel subsidy scheme aimed at protecting the economy from surging world oil prices. Many of the most explosive and virulent online videos -- think: ``Star Wars Kid,'' ``Numa Numa'' and the recent interpretation of ``Thriller'' by Filipino prisoners -- manage to be at once bizarre, hypnotic and borderline upsetting. Tay Zonday's new hit YouTube song, ``Chocolate Rain,'' is no exception. Slick streets made for tricky running Monday as bulls and daredevils tumbled repeatedly during the San Fermin festival's famed morning bull run. An American and a Canadian were gored but were not seriously injured, the Red Cross said. Market forces won't be enough to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and regulations should be used as well, New Zealand Energy Minister Pete Hodgson Tuesday told a local business audience including most of the country's major greenhouse gas emitters.
t3796 Conservative commentator Pat Buchanan said Monday that he would run for president in 1996 after a campaign four years ago that many saw as divisive for the Republican Party. An unseen collection of Frida Kahlo's clothing, drawings and personal keepsakes found inside trunks and a walled-up room will soon be displayed at the artist's home-turned-museum to commemorate the 100th anniversary of her birth. Pope Benedict XVI said Saturday the Roman Catholic Church had been wounded by sin as he flew to Malta on his first foreign trip since a wave of priest sex abuse scandals broke in Europe and the United States. China published new statistics about the severity of its AIDS epidemic on Thursday, estimating that 850,000 people had been infected with HIV by the end of 2001, up 30 per cent from government estimates released last summer. Indonesia and Malaysia on Tuesday began negotiations to settle a dispute over an oil-rich maritime area claimed by the two countries, the Indonesian foreign ministry said. Seb Hunter's ``Rock Me Amadeus'' hooked me the moment I opened it in a Manchester bookshop and saw its epigraph, a quote from Elvis: ``I don't know anything about music. In my line, you don't have to.'' An eight-member team of Indonesian police officers and prosecutors arrived in East Timor on Monday to investigate the killing of a New Zealand U.N. peacekeeper last year. Libya cherishes its relations with China and tries to promote Sino-African cooperation, said Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi when meeting a delegation from the Communist Party of China (CPC) Monday in Tripoli, the Libyan capital.
t3797 South Korea's ruling and opposition parties ended a bitter parliamentary dispute on Tuesday over a controversial election law, party officials said. The judge in Phil Spector's murder trial threatened to jail a former attorney for the record producer if she refuses to testify about possible evidence that was never given to prosecutors. Part of northern Spain's airspace was closed Saturday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland but flights were being re-routed further south and are not affected, aviation authority AENA said. Xerox Corp. reached a settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission Thursday after the agency filed a lawsuit against the company in federal court in Manhattan, accusing it of fraudulently using its accounting to ``burnish and distort'' its financial results for four years. At least ten people were killed and a dozen injured after a disturbed student shot and killed his grandparents and then went on a shooting rampage in a Minnesota high school before committing suicide, according to local media Monday. Jolee Mohr died in July at age 36 after receiving experimental treatment for arthritis. ``It was supposed to be just a simple thing,'' said her husband, Robb, but something went horribly wrong. BOSTON RED SOX_Placed LHP Pete Schourek on the 15-day disabled list. Purchased the contract of RHP Carlos Castillo from Pawtucket of the International League. Designated RHP Jin Ho Cho for assignment. AUC pledged to free five other members of parliament on Monday to put a two-week long hostage ordeal to an end.
t3798 China indicated Tuesday it would step up moves away from the key socialist principle of free education for all, while pledging to clamp down on blatant manifestations of elite schooling. The Indy Racing League fined American driver Ed Carpenter an undisclosed amount of money on Thursday for using inappropriate language during an interview at Texas Motor Speedway last week. Astronauts aboard the space shuttle Discovery embarked Saturday on their journey back to Earth after undocking from the International Space Station (ISS), NASA said. Early on the morning of Sept. 11, I was reading a biography of Lincoln and relishing the cloistered atmosphere of the New York Public Library's Center for Scholars and Writers, tucked away on the second floor of the main research building at Fifth Avenue and 42nd Street. Around 8:50, Malaysia's richest state will rethink a four billion ringgit (1.05 billion dollar) project to turn part of its coastline into a beach paradise rivalling Australia's Gold Coast amid environmental concerns, a report said Tuesday. It wasn't built to watch the playoffs. And you can't tune it to HBO. Yet students and professors at the University of California, Irvine say they've spent some scintillating days looking at the human brain, cancer cells and weather maps. Thousands of people stacked sandbags to fight off floodwaters in southern China, where the death toll from tropical storm Utor rose to 23 on Monday, according to state media. Eight people onboard a light aircraft survived a crash Monday evening in a wooded area of Canada's western city of Winnipeg.
t3799 Chinese investors have snapped up 30 percent of this year's crucial state treasury bonds issue, just 10 days after going on sale, the People's Daily said Tuesday. A fashion journalist who was convicted of kidnapping, robbing and sexually molesting a former co-worker while in firefighting gear has written to the judge who will sentence him Monday to ask him for leniency. Austria's air authority extended the closure of its airspace to 0000 GMT Sunday because of the cloud of volcanic ash over Europe, as airlines pushed for flights to be allowed to resume. For those who think that movies by the Farrelly brothers or Todd Solondz are the Mount Kilimanjaro of bad taste, it's time to grab your parka and goggles _ there's a new peak to climb. It's the cold, dreary oxygen-deprived wastes of ``The Sweetest Thing.'' Whatever you say about North Korea raised the stakes in the nuclear standoff on Tuesday, saying it had increased its atomic arsenal as Washington pressed Pyongyang to return to six-party talks. Atlantic's EGO Waterproof Sound Case for iPod double-dog-dares you to toss your beloved music player into the nearest swimming pool. At the old British colonial prison in Sierra Leone's war-scarred capital, a high wall, electric fence and tents full of guards armed with AK-47s separate rebel leader Foday Sankoh from the country he laid waste to for 10 years. The China Insurance Regulatory Commission (CIRC) has approved the launch of four new life insurance companies, China Securities said today.
t3828 Some 26 people died and 20 others were seriously injured after a passenger bus collided with a truck and plunged into a ravine in southern China, a report said Tuesday. Ruth Graham, who surrendered dreams of missionary work in Tibet to marry a suitor who became the world's most renowned evangelist, had died in North Carolina. She was 87. Britain has extended a ban on most flights in its airspace until at least 7:00 am (0600 GMT) on Sunday due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland, air authorities announced. A persistent Da Newz reader by the name of Everett Fowler has given me a short list of Christian hip-hop artists who either have albums out now or will have in the next few weeks: China's booming economic miracle is expanding at a highly unsustainable rate, creating tremendous pressures on resources while bankrupting the environment, a leading environmentalist warned Tuesday. Excerpts from a recent Washington Post online reader chat with CollegeHumor.com editor Streeter Seidell, who took questions about what to expect when embarking to campus for the first time this fall. Rescuers pulled people from roofs and rushing water as flash floods struck southern and central West Virginia communities still trying to recover from an earlier round of high water. Chilean telecommunication company Smartcom PCS launched the first Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) mobile phone service in Chile last week, the local economic newspaper El Diario said on Monday.
t3829 Japan's crude steel production in February rose 12.3 percent from a year earlier to 8.127 million tonnes for the seventh consecutive year- on-year increase, the Japan Iron and Steel Federation said Tuesday. Age is finally catching up with West Virginia Sen. Robert C. Byrd in the winter of his 54-year career in Congress. Airspace across northern Italy will remain closed until 0600 GMT on Sunday due to the expanding cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland, the Italian civil aviation authority ENAC said. For years, the Staples chain of office-supply stores has been assuring consumers, ``Yeah, we've got that,'' in humorously offbeat campaigns from Cliff Freeman &AMP; Partners in New York. South Korea's economy grew 4.6 percent in 2004, well short of the government's five percent target as slow domestic demand undercut robust exports, the central bank said Tuesday. Some of my favorite radio stations don't have DJs. But they do include some other features not found on FM: a button to pause playback, another to skip to the next song and, most important, a playlist I can customize. President Kim Dae-jung refused to meet a high-level Japanese delegation Monday in a show of anger over Tokyo's refusal to revise history textbooks that critics say whitewash Japan's wartime atrocities. Chile has outpaced other Latin American countries in the development of telecom industry, boasting the highest per capita investment in the region and a popularity of telephone services.
t4638 Unexpectedly high producer price and industrial output rises fuelled fears the US economy was overheated, and that the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates, sending blue chips lower Wednesday. U.S. nuclear envoy Christopher Hill says the next round of North Korean nuclear disarmament talks could be held in early July. US President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden will lead mourners on Sunday at a memorial service in West Virginia for the dead of the worst US mining tragedy in decades. Digital video recorders are the rage. The picture is better, and units like the Replay TV _ which uses a hard disk instead of videotape _ have features not available with old-fashioned VCRs. European Union (EU) foreign policy chief Javier Solana said Wednesday that maintaining an arms embargo on China is "unfair" given the changes in China since it was imposed in 1989. "Justice League of America" is exactly the kind of movie Warner Bros. loves to make. Based on the classic DC Comics series, the script is filled with a dream team of recognizable superheroes -- Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, the Flash -- and could not only become its own franchise, A prosecution expert said Tuesday that a former Ku Klux Klansman is faking mental problems and is competent to stand trial for the 1963 church bombing that killed four black girls. A total of 2.2 billion euros ( 1.870 billion U.S. dollars) of investments departed from Portugal's stock-market from January to August this year, according to a report released by Bank of Portugal Friday.
t5015 Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin on Thursday proposed a three-phase solution to end the three-month-old conflict in Chechnya, starting with the declaration of demilitarised zones. Derek Jeter hit a go-ahead homer and finished with four hits, Alex Rodriguez added a home run and the New York Yankees beat the slumping Mets 11-8 Saturday. India has added almost 100 million people to its list of the poor, a move that will give a total of 372 million access to state welfare schemes and subsidies, a government official said Monday. Maybe a job applicant claims that he earned a bachelor's degree when he was actually one semester shy of graduation. Or he boasts of winning an award from a trade group that doesn't exist. Police on Wednesday handcuffed and led away three children and seven adults who tried to take water into the hospice where brain-damaged Terri Schiavo is being cared for. He was an important political figure, arrested for engaging in lewd conduct in a public men's room. Married, with children, he told no one. Instead he pleaded guilty without even hiring a lawyer, hoping the problem would quietly disappear. French judges investigating a scandal involving cash payments for airline tickets moved a step closer to President Jacques Chirac on Wednesday, questioning his daughter in the case that dates back to Chirac's time as Paris mayor. A book based on a cancer patient's diary, which has recorded the emotions of his last days on earth, is being printed and will hit the shelves soon, said Monday's China Daily.
t5201 South Africa's monetary authorities will follow a restrictive monetary policy in 1995, the governor of the central Reserve Bank, Chris Stals, told parliament Friday. Belgian state broadcaster RTBF said early predictions show French President Nicolas Sarkozy's conservative party will win Sunday's runoff elections for parliament. Airspace in northern Italy will be closed until Tuesday at 0600 GMT due to ash from a volcano eruption in Iceland, said Italy's civil aviation authority on Monday, revising a previous statement. Lance Berkman finally got rid of the long, unkempt locks that brought him so much grief and unwanted attention at the start of the season. But his power remained perfectly intact against the Reds. The battle between the two Ambani brothers who own India's largest private sector conglomerate, the Reliance group, is on the brink of settlement, reports said Thursday. Former Sen. Fred Thompson of Tennessee will grab most of the headlines this week as he enters the race for the White House, but Mitt Romney likes where he stands in the race for the Republican nomination. The Associated Press reported erroneously July 10 the amount that Sen. John McCain wanted stripped from security preparations for the 2002 Winter Olympics and given to the military. His amendment, which failed, would have shifted $30 million, not $60 million. China's special economic zones hosted a grand gathering to mark the 20th anniversary of their founding, Tuesday in Shenzhen City, one of the zones in south China's Guangdong Province.
t5202 South Korea accused North Korea Friday of staging its largest air exercises in years ahead of new talks on the peninsula's nuclear problem, but pressed ahead with plans to finance new reactors for its pugnacious neighbor. Burundian President Pierre Nkurunziza and the leader of Burundi's holdout rebels agreed Sunday that rebel members held in Burundian prisons be released, a key issue that has slowed down implementation of a nine-month old cease-fire. Airlines want governments to reopen routes through the volcanic ash cloud over Europe, the International Air Transport Association said Monday, saying the crisis is "now greater that September 11". Aquila, formerly called UtiliCorp United Inc., said it will establish state offices to oversee its domestic gas and electric utilities, which have 1.3 million customers in Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, Colorado, Iowa, Michigan and Minnesota. The NSW Waratahs may be unbeaten after a month's Super 12 rugby but tournament heavyweights Canterbury Crusaders are the favourites with bookmakers to win their sixth southern hemisphere provincial crown. Scientists have for the first time determined the order of virtually every letter of DNA code in an individual, offering an unprecedented readout of the separate genetic contributions made by that person's mother and father. You gotta like Murray Burns, the hero of Herb Gardner's 1962 comedy ``A Thousand Clowns,'' being revived on Broadway with most of its charm intact and a personable Tom Selleck in the leading role. Two swans became " distinguished" guests of a hotel in north China's Shanxi Province since they had trouble in their flying to the warm south for the winter season.
t5203 Iran Friday opened a major rail link between the Gulf port of Bandar Abbas and the north of the country at a ceremony attended by leaders of neighbouring states in Central Asia. A shadowy group holding a British correspondent for three months threatened on Sunday to kill him, in a video broadcast by the Al-Jazeera satellite TV channel. Croatia overnight Monday reopened its airspace and the latest of its airports that were closed due to the volcanic ash cloud from Iceland which has disrupted air traffic in much of Europe. Better yet, construction of the state-of-the-art facility at the interchange of Interstate 70 and 110th Street in Kansas City, Kan., won't cost the state a dime. A Taliban militant has been killed in a firefight with US-led coalition forces in southeast Afghanistan that also left two children and a woman dead, the US military said Thursday. However, the president offered no timetable on a withdrawal and did not suggest how many troops might be involved. And he insisted that decisions on force levels should not be driven by "a nervous reaction by Washington politicians or poll results." An Oklahoma appellate court ruled Wednesday that trying Terry Nichols on state murder charges for the Oklahoma City bombing does not violate his right against being tried twice for the same offense. The Shenzhen Composite Index closed at 640.25 points Tuesday, up 0.59 percent compared with the last close. The sub-index closed at 4,927.29 points, up 0.28 percent from the last close.
t5204 A Frenchman and an Israeli art dealer appeared in court on Friday linked with the theft of 14 masterpieces in Paris last month. U.N. peacekeeping force in South Lebanon says rocket attack on Israel is a "serious breach" of cease-fire, urges parties to exercise maximum restraint. Danish authorities reopened airspace to flights above 35,500 feet (10,670 metres) Monday, but said restrictions on flights below the limit would remain in place until 02:00 am (0000 GMT). After the Monday afternoon release of first-quarter results that beat Wall Street estimates, shares in Sprint's traditional wireline business rose 21 percent and shares in its wireless division jumped 26 percent. FON shares closed at $16.26 on Tuesday, up $2.79. PCS shares closed at $12.60, up $2.58. Australian troops will Friday leave Indonesia's tsunami-hit Aceh province, three months after beginning their disaster relief mission in the region worst-hit by the Indian Ocean tsunami. Day was admitted to the hospital Aug. 22 with respiratory problems related to emphysema and died of complications of the disease, his wife, Lynn, said. A doctor said Wednesday that a Palestinian woman in labor was barred from passing an Israeli military checkpoint for an hour, giving birth in her car to a baby boy who died before reaching a medical clinic. Israel said the claim was ``unfounded.'' To increase the safety in coal mines as well as regulate the supervision over safety in coal mines, China's State Council has issued a regulation concerning safety in coal mines.
t5205 The chairman and other officials of failed South Korean conglomerate Doksan Business Group face arrest for illegally pocketing funds before staging a bankruptcy, prosecutors said Friday. Residents emerged from their homes Sunday at the end of a four-day lockdown and found themselves caught in traffic congestion born of hundreds of new police and army checkpoints. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has approved sites for new uranium enrichment plants in Iran, a close aide of the hardliner told the ILNA news agency on Monday. Among the many lessons learned or reinforced at the 2002 Masters, this one jumps to the top of the list: Japan on Thursday called for dialogue to ease mounting tension with South Korea whose President Roh Moo-Hyun told the country to prepare for a "diplomatic war" with its neighbour. Hillary and Bill Clinton brought their traveling political road show to Iowa on Labor Day. The former first lady and the former president, by now long practiced as a political duo, continued the process of role reversal in the pursuit of a history-making presidency. Qualifier Glenn Weiner beat his doubles partner and longtime friend Andre Sa of Brazil 7-6 (3), 7-5 Wednesday in a rain-abbreviated schedule at the Hall of Fame Championships. Li Peng, chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), said the Three Gorges Hydraulic Project, the world's largest of its kind, should also be the best built.
t5207 Azerbaijani government troops crushed a coup attempt by rebel policemen and killed their leader in a bloody gun-battle Friday in the Caucasus republic's capital Baku, President Geidar Aliyev said. Defending champion Troy Bayliss of Australia won both races of the World Superbike championships Sunday and moved into second place in the title race. The ban on flights in Britain's airspace will remain in place until "at least" 1:00 am (0000 GMT) Tuesday because of the volcanic ash cloud, aviation authorities said. It might be time to harbor serious concerns about the Los Angeles Dodgers offense, because not even Coors Field is helping. A British botanist who went for a walk in a Malaysian jungle has been rescued after being lost for five days, a report said Thursday. As Sen. Barack Obama led a rowdy mob down the street here during a Labor Day parade, an organizer wearing a Mitt Romney pin stood on the sidewalk and stared in astonishment. A wall of flame crashed down on firefighters huddled in their silver emergency shelters in a narrow canyon in the north Cascade Mountains, killing four of them in the deadliest wildfire since 1994. The impeachment trial of President Joseph Estrada at the Senate will begin next month and the chamber is hopeful it will be finished at the soonest possible time, newly elected Senate President Aquilino Pimentel said Tuesday.
t5234 Alcohol does not feature much in the lives of Chechnya's primarily Moslem population, but that has not stopped the Chechens adapting the bootleggers' art to improvise oil refining in their own backyards. A shadowy group holding a British correspondent for three months threatened on Sunday to kill him, in a video broadcast by the Al-Jazeera satellite TV channel. Czech airspace has reopened for overflights above 7,450 metres (yards) although the country's airports remain closed, air-traffic controllers said on Monday. Many people think of GPS as a convenient means for getting from one place to another without having to ask strangers for directions. Armed with inexpensive receivers no bigger than cell phones, folks who are directionally challenged can tune in to a constellation of 24 Global Positioning System satellites Skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq scored a fluent 55 not out to help Pakistan survive early blows in the third and final Test against India here on Thursday. The best marching bands step together, chins high, drum line pulsing thunder, horns and woodwinds rising, dipping and swinging, a brightly plumed, brass-buttoned team united in music and movement. Police with bomb-sniffing dogs checked stadium grandstands before the Wednesday night opening of the Copa America soccer tournament, nearly suspended because of fears of political violence. The International Conference and Exhibition on Office Automation Technology, the first of its kind in China, is scheduled for November 21 to 23 in Beijing.
t5248 The peseta nosedived to a new all-time low early Friday afternoon on the London forex market, hitting 93.30 to the German mark, Dresdner Bank analyst Elizabeth Legge said. Your work computer just suffered a major meltdown. Maybe the operating system failed, or a virus crashed the hard drive. News that banking giant Goldman Sachs has been charged with fraud sent Asian stocks tumbling Monday, while airlines were hit as northern European airspace was closed due to the Icelandic volcano. Stating that the ``foundation for economic expansion'' has been laid but that the strength and sustainability of the recovery is still uncertain, Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve's chairman, strongly suggested to Congress on Wednesday that monetary policy would remain unchanged for the foreseeable future. Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has told US officials there is no question of freezing Israel's planned expansion of Maale Adumim, the largest Jewish settlement in the West Bank, an aide said Thursday. er, darlings -- are back where they ought to be, make sure you keep an eye on their training for fall sports. The last thing you want is to have them injured and lounging on the couch where they have spent the past three months hollering for food. The heads of the West Coast chapter of the Hollywood performer unions have submitted a tentative contract settlement for a vote by the guilds' nearly 135,000 members. Overseas direct investment in China during the first 10 months this year increased 37 percent in contractual volume from the same period last year.
t5290 Diego Maradona, already serving a 15-month playing ban after failing a drugs test at the World Cup, was suspended from his coaching job with Racing Club by Argentina's football federation. A steely and daring young matador who mysteriously walked away at the peak of his career in 2002 made a triumphant return on Sunday, enduring a terrifying near-goring to win standing ovations, a rain of flowers and three trophies -- ears from bulls he had just slain. From flashy Hummer-like armoured utility vehicles, to sports cars and fully- equipped mobile offices, Russian-made cars motored to the front of the luxury automobile scene at this year's Top Marques Monaco exclusive car show. Lynch is a wine importer and retailer with a predilection for obscure French wines and a talent for persuading customers that Corsican wine is what their life is missing. The quirky mailers he writes for Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant, his Berkeley store, have a near-cult following. And his unconventional Protestors in Kyrgyzstan's capital threw rocks at riot police and soldiers guarding the seat of government during the opposition's first massive demonstration in Bishkek over a disputed poll. Danish police arrested eight suspected Islamic militants here Tuesday, charging two with planning a terrorist attack and attempted murder in what was described as a serious plot with direct ties to al-Qaida. Puerto Rico-born Benicio Del Toro says that although Hispanics have made gains in Hollywood, more work is needed to increase the presence of people with Latin American roots. Following are the latest facts and figures about China's major export commodities to Spain in the first nine months of 2000, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t5291 Sinn Fein and the British government have moved a step closer to ministerial level talks with an agreement to discuss the agenda for such a meeting Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams said here Friday. Real Madrid came from behind to win its 30th Spanish league title Sunday, beating Mallorca 3-1 and edging defending champion FC Barcelona on head-to-head results. Eco-friendly, more affordable furniture took centre stage at the Milan International Furniture Fair as designers sought to woo green-minded consumers with smaller budgets in tough economic times. MUST CREDIT THE SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE Rising Stars: Five young chefs who are changing the way the Bay Area tastes Singapore share prices closed 0.30 percent higher Thursday on bargain-hunting in select blue chip stocks after sharp loses on Wednesday, dealers said. He was 74 and had been suffering from lung cancer. It was on Brandt's watch as the government's top physician that the U.S. issued its strongest reports linking smoking to cancers of the lung and other organs. He was not a smoker, however. Lisa Marie Presley cut the ribbon on the wrought-iron gates leading to Presley Place, a 12-unit, rent-free apartment building for homeless people trying to get back on their feet. Following are the latest facts and figures about China's major export commodities to Finland in the first nine months of 2000, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t5292 The German mark continued its seemingly inexorable advance on Friday on the London foreign exchange market, driving sterling, the peseta and the lira to record lows and forcing the Bank of Spain and the Bank of Italy to intervene on behalf of their crashing currencies. Mike Cameron hit two homers and the San Diego Padres hit a season-high five in an 11-3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday. Django Reinhardt's life story is better than any fiction: a gypsy who could not read a line of music, lost the use of two fingers when he was 18, but toured the world with his classical guitar. For those who choose not to drink milk, or cannot drink it for health reasons, the natural foods industry has come up with a lot of nondairy alternatives. After soy milk, rice milk is the most prominent option in grocery stores. Ethiopia's army has committed massive human rights abuses that may constitute crimes against humanity against the indigenous Anuak population in the country's southwestern Gambella region, a leading rights watchdog charged Thursday. As Congress opened a monthlong showdown with President Bush over Iraq, Senate war critics on Tuesday demanded evidence that the security improvements claimed by the White House could be sustained once American forces handed off the task of maintaining order to Iraqi military units. Glen Campbell says he'll never forget the day his co-star John Wayne cleared a fence on horseback during the filming of 1969's ``True Grit.'' Following are the latest facts and figures on China's major export commodities to Australia from January to September this year, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t5293 Young members of the PLO's mainstream Fatah movement called off an unprecedented visit to the Holocaust memorial of Yad Vashem here on Friday, their Israeli hosts said. Gunfire sounded throughout the town of Agadez, in central Niger, on Sunday, residents said. It was unclear who was behind the shooting, which continued for about two hours. One photograph shows Yoco sitting naked on a bed, smiling softly as she admires her ample breasts in her cupped hands. President Bush vowed Wednesday to ``continue to lead'' efforts to end the Israeli-Palestinian conflict that threatens his broader anti-terror campaign. Police authorities in the southwestern Nigerian state of Osun have sacked 10 officers and demoted four others for corruption, a spokesman said Thursday. Hurricanes swept ashore in Nicaragua and Mexico within hours of each other Tuesday, the first time Atlantic and Pacific hurricanes have made landfall on the same day since the National Hurricane Center began keeping records in the 1940s. Shares of Yahoo! Inc. soared almost 14 percent in extended trading on Wall Street after the Internet bellwether's second-quarter earnings edged past analysts' expectations. Following are the latest facts and figures on China's major export commodities to New Zealand from January to September this year, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t5294 Bluechip prices continued their climb at Friday's opening on Wall Street in a session that promised to be erratic due to the expiration of several quarterly stock options. With all but 36 seats left to call, official results give comfortable majority to French right, with at least 330 seats. Pleyel, the world's oldest piano firm and the last still operating in France, has stopped even trying to compete with Chinese and Korean rivals on price and now focuses instead on innovative design. Speedy pick-up trucks laden with soldiers wheel into police headquarters as if rushing to battle. The fighters are well-armed, some handling rocket-propelled grenades. A man seeking asylum in Germany and claiming to be a journalist has been taken hostage by a previously unknown group demanding the release of all Muslims in German jails, Der Spiegel reported on Thursday. A bleak portrait of the political and security situation in Iraq released Tuesday by the Government Accountability Office sparked sharp protests from top U.S. military officials in Baghdad, who described it as flawed and "factually incorrect." Huntsville's David Gibralter hit a three-run homer, and Greenville's Ramon Castro followed with a two-run shot in the second inning Wednesday night as the National League defeated the American League 8-3 in the Double-A All-Star game. Following are the latest facts and figures on China's major export commodities to Canada from January to September this year, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t5295 At least 28 people were killed in clashes in the Azerbaijani capital Baku Thursday and Friday between government forces and rebel interior ministry police, the Azerbaijani health ministry said. Union members representing 15,000 workers at six Las Vegas casinos owned by Harrah's Entertainment Inc. voted overwhelmingly to approve a five-year contract. Britain's two main parties were turning their fire on the smaller Liberal Democrats in the general election race Monday after a huge surge in their support shook up the campaign. By gradually lifting restrictions on the ways its currency, the won, is traded and used abroad, the South Korean government hopes to advance a dream of making the country a leading Asian business hub, a top economic official said on Wednesday. Hundreds of Kyrgyz opposition supporters Thursday broke through police lines and took over a government building in the southwestern city of Batken, a witness told AFP. Less than a year before he died, an ailing, wheelchair-bound Arthur Moyer converted his $500,000 life savings into a complex investment he could not tap for a decade without incurring steep fees. Police are analyzing items they removed from Rep. Gary Condit's apartment for possible clues about the disappearance of former federal intern Chandra Levy. Following are the latest facts and figures on China's major export commodities to the United States from January to September of this year, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t5296 Sixteen people suspected of being behind a recent wave of Mafia killings in Sicily were arrested Friday in a widespread police operation, authorities announced. President Nicolas Sarkozy's conservative party won a comfortable but smaller than expected majority in France's parliamentary elections Sunday, with it and its allies getting at least 330 of the 577 National Assembly seats. Jameer Nelson scored 32 points and the Orlando Magic almost gave up a 22-point lead before beating the Charlotte Bobcats 98-89 in the opening game of their NBA playoff series Sunday. The House voted Wednesday to make it a federal crime for an adult other than a parent to accompany a pregnant minor across state lines for an abortion. Protestors in Kyrgyzstan's capital threw rocks at riot police and soldiers guarding the seat of government during the opposition's first massive demonstration in Bishkek over a disputed poll. Iran has blocked a request from the United States to allow Swiss diplomats to go to Kish Island to look for the luggage or other traces of missing former FBI agent Robert Levinson, according to U.S. officials and the Levinson family. When President Clinton repeatedly suspended part of a law aimed at pressuring Fidel Castro, Cuban-American leaders were outraged. ``Backbone of Jell-O,'' fumed a Cuban-born Republican lawmaker. Following are the latest facts and figures on China's major export commodities to Argentina from January to September of this year, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t5297 Spain suffered a trade deficit of 154.4 billion pesetas (1.18 billion dollars) in January, up 72.1 percent from the previous January, the Economics Ministry announced on Friday. There were no guard rails between the crowds of spectators and a public highway where a drag-racing car bolted out of control, killing six people during a charity fundraising event in Tennessee. Kobe Bryant scored 21 points and Pau Gasol added 19 as the defending champion Los Angeles Lakers defeated Oklahoma City 87-79 on Sunday in their NBA Western Conference playoff opener. All the telephones had rotary thingies that made dialing a single phone number take approximately three days. And worse, there was no such thing as e-mail. When people wanted to send messages to other people, they actually had to write on something called ``paper'' and then wait several days Four leaders from villages near the US military base in Taji, 15 kilometres north of Baghdad, met a US captain and begged him to seal off their communities with concrete blast walls and barbed wire. A crippling strike on London's subway system was suspended late Tuesday, but officials warned that it will take time to restore service after the walkout that turned the system into a maelstrom of long lines and hot, overcrowded cars. President Abdurrahman Wahid ordered the arrest Thursday of Indonesia's renegade national police chief, who has refused to stand aside after opposing a plan to declare a state of emergency ahead of Wahid's impeachment next month. Following are the latest facts and figures on China's major export commodities to Chile from January to September of 2000, provided by the General Administration of Customs:
t5298 The dollar was mixed in New York Friday, rising against the pound and the Italian lire but falling against other European currencies and the yen. The British aid group Oxfam said Sunday it was permanently closing down its operation in Darfur's largest refugee camp because of insecurity. Next weekend's Japanese MotoGP has been postponed to October 3 because of the severe disruption of international air travel caused by the volcanic eruption in Iceland, organisers said Monday. Behind locked doors and armed security at the Indian Point nuclear plant, technicians in hard hats and safety glasses watch over a pair of turquoise pools that have become an interim grave for radioactive waste. Here rests all the fuel that has ever passed through the plant's two working An accused serial killer in northeastern China's Liaoning province confessed to killing up to 45 people and deserves to be sentenced to death for his lack of remorse, his lawyer said Thursday. Souhair Khatib sued in U.S. District Court here, charging that her right to practice religion was violated, causing her "extreme mental and emotional distress." Named in the complaint, filed by the ACLU Foundation of Southern California, were Sheriff Michael S. Carona, the captain in charge of courtroom deputies, and The House was close to judgment on whether it would rein in runaway spending on federal elections when a last-minute dispute on terms of the debate made it uncertain the legislation would even come to a vote. Israeli forces have imposed a complete closure on areas in the West Bank which are under full Palestinian control (Area A) Monday night in response to the fatal shootings on Israelis in the territories, Israeli central command chief Yitzhak Eitan said.
t5299 China is to double investment for resettlement of residents of the Three Gorges dam area in 1995, while issuing bonds to cover a capital shortfall for the massive project this year, an official said Friday. Gunfire sounded throughout the central Niger town of Agadez on Sunday, residents said. It was unclear who was behind the shooting, which continued for about two hours. Eight Pacific island nations that control an area where more a quarter of the world's tuna is caught are meeting this week with the aim of tightening conservation measures. Tavis Smiley has a considerable talent for summing up the issues of the day, and recently _ during a brief hole in his schedule at 6:30 a.m. _ he did not disappoint. The parents of Terri Schiavo, a brain-damaged Florida woman who has been in a persistent vegetative state for the past 15 years, appealed late Wednesday to the US Supreme Court, seeking an order to resume their daughter's feeding through a tube, a court official said. Cheese makers claim that the current formula, changed four years ago when dairies were struggling with low milk prices, could drive smaller plants out of business because it raises the cost of making cheese in a competitive market where it is hard to recoup the added expense. Buoyed by a better than expected harvest, state agriculture officials have released a more optimistic forecast for this year's wheat crop: 327.6 million bushels. Brazil's Veteran striker Romario, who has scored seven goals in last two internationals, was forced to withdraw from their team on Monday after being injured in training in Sao Paulo.
t5430 Bluechip stocks closed in on the 4,100-point mark this week less than a month after it broke 4,000 and amid growing confidence among investors that interest rates will not be raised in the near future. U.S.-led coalition jets bombed a compound suspected of housing al-Qaida militants in eastern Afghanistan, killing seven children and several militants, a coalition statement said Monday. Britain's Civil Aviation Authority on Tuesday ordered a phased reopening of much of the country's airspace from 10:00 pm (2100 GMT). ``Cease-fire is not a relevant term at the moment,'' Powell told a news conference after a second meeting with Arafat and before boarding his plane for Washington via Cairo. British Prime Minister Tony Blair's government, weeks away from general elections, withstood a fresh attack Thursday over the legality of the Iraq invasion and preparations for the ensuing, bloody insurgency. Hobbled by inadequate funding, unclear priorities, continuing reorganizations and the absence of an overarching strategy, the Department of Homeland Security is failing to achieve its mission of preventing and responding to terrorist attacks or natural disasters, according to a comprehensive report by the Government Accountability Office. About 100 workers with crowbars began tearing down shacks Thursday on a tract of land near Johannesburg, which had been illegally occupied by squatters. ISLAMABAD, November 15 (Xinhua) -- Pakistan Wednesday ruled out immediate possibility of reopening the Pak-Afghan border for the Afghan refugees and asked the United Nations to set camps inside Afghanistan to stop them from entering Pakistan.
t5431 Algeria's banned Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) on Friday denounced the killings of "innocent civilians" and accused the government of having been responsible for such attacks. As many as 36 people were killed in a fierce battle early Monday between Shiite militiamen and British forces doing house-to-house searches south of Baghdad, Iraqi police and hospital officials said. Oil prices rose dramatically in New York trade on Tuesday, amid optimism about the state of the economy and the prospect of transatlantic air travel resuming. In what is believed to be the largest experiment in privatization ever mounted by an American school district, a state panel charged with improving the Philadelphia public school system voted Wednesday night to transfer control of 42 failing city schools to seven outside managers, including Edison Schools Inc. and Grinding poverty has been one of the main drivers of the protests in Kyrgyzstan's south, where destitute farmers and city dwellers have joined forces to topple federal representatives in the volatile region. Nearly 30 Southern Californians are suspected of dying as a result of the recent heat wave, most of them falling into familiar patterns of who dies during periods of extremely high temperatures. The Falun Gong said at least 10 of its followers were beaten to death at a labor camp in northeastern China _ the same province where other members of the spiritual group died in a labor camp under disputed circumstances earlier this month. MANILA, November 15 (Xinhua) -- The Philippine government reiterated Wednesday its call to the lawmakers to speed up the impeachment trial of President Joseph Estrada amid reports that the opposition may derail the process to fan public discontent.
t5432 The Mexican Congress debated Friday an unpopular tax hike Friday with ruling party deputies insisting it was essential to restore investor confidence and prevent a currency "tobogan." North Korea plans to shut down its Yongbyon nuclear reactor in the second half of July, the Interfax news agency reported, citing an unnamed North Korean official. Norway extended the opening of its airspace until 8:00 am (0600 GMT) Wednesday, the Norwegian air authority Avinor announced late Tuesday. Watching the Bush administration struggle to respond to recent events in Venezuela, some critics have judged it too quick to accept reports of the resignation of President Hugo Chavez and too slow to defend the democratic system that elected him. Lebanese President Emile Lahoud said Thursday he was considering an appeal to international and Arab bodies to determine who was behind the February 14 assassination of former prime minister Rafiq Hariri. One day into her new gig on daytime talker "The View," Whoopi Goldberg already was on the defensive for saying Michael Vick, the Atlanta Falcons quarterback who has pleaded guilty to federal dogfighting charges, was raised in a culture in which dogfighting is acceptable. ``The Sopranos'' received a leading 22 Emmy nominations Thursday, the most ever in the three seasons of the cable hit about the angst-filled life of a suburban mob family. Zambia will spend 4.9 billion U. S. dollars to take measures to reduce poverty in the country, Times of Zambia reported Wednesday.